One very well-known alchemist was Mary the Jewess.
Alchemists want to improve something.
For example, they want to make sick people well.
Alchemists have used Athanors.
They invented black powder.
And they invented porcelain.
Alchemy is an Arabic word.
Alchemy is chemistry.
Tests and experiments are carried out.
To understand how something works.
You discover new things through alchemy.
For example, how to make porcelain.
Or how to make gold.
Alcopops taste similar to cola.
You can hardly taste the alcohol.
Alcopops are usually sold in colorful bottles.
Alcopop is a sweet drink.
There is alcohol in this drink.
Aldous Huxley was born on July 26, 1894.
In Godalming, Surrey.
He dies on November 22, 1963 in Los Angeles, USA. In 1932: Huxley writes his most famous novel.
The science fiction: Brave New World It is a dystopia.
Aldous Huxley was a writer.
Aleppo is a very old city.
People have lived here for 3 thousand years before Christ.
In 2008, around 1.7 million people lived in Aleppo.
Most of the people in Aleppo are Arabs and Kurds.
This means that most people in Aleppo are Muslims.
There are also Christians in Aleppo.
About 15 percent of the people in Aleppo are Christians.
In 1952, an architect planned new streets.
Modern and wide streets.
From 1970, construction workers were in the old town.
They tore down many old houses.
And built new, modern apartment blocks.
In 1986, UNESCO said: “The old town of Aleppo is now a World Heritage Site.
There is a civil war in Syria.
Many parts of the city are destroyed.
Many residents have fled.
Aleppo is a city in Syria.
Aleppo is the second largest city in Syria.
The largest city in Syria is Damascus.
The man Ali ibn Abi Talib is very important to the Alevis.
This man is the son-in-law of Mohammed.
The religion of the Alevis is somewhat different from that of most Muslims.
For example, most Alevi women do not wear headscarves.
Approximately one third of the people in Turkey are Alevis.
The Alevis are a religious community.
A religious community is several people.
They have a specific religion.
The Alevi religious community comes from Turkey.
Some Alevis see themselves as Muslims.
Other Alevis do not see themselves as Muslims.
He has climbed a very big mountain.
The mountain is called El Capitan.
The climbing route is almost 1000 meters long.
There is a movie about Alex Honnold.
It's called: Free Solo.
Alex Honnold is a well-known free solo climber.
He was born on August 17, 1985.
In the USA.
Alexander Graham Bell was born on March 3, 1847.
In Edinburgh, Scotland.
He dies on August 2, 1922, in Baddeck, Canada.
Alexander Graham Bell's grandfather was involved in speech technology.
Bell's father was called Alexander Melville Bell.
Bell's father was a professor of oratory and lecturing.
His father invented a phonetic script.
The phonetic script is called Visible Speech.
Bell's mother is called Eliza Symonds Bell.
Her mother was severely hard of hearing.
Bell spoke to her in a low voice.
Then she could hear him better.
Bell studied in Edinburgh.
He studied Latin and Greek.
Bell became a teacher at the age of 17.
At a school for speech technology and music.
In his spare time he does research.
He researched the subject of acoustics.
His father teaches at a university in London.
He is a lecturer in speech technology there.
He employs his son as an assistant.
Alexander Graham Bell has been giving speech lessons since 1868.
For deaf children.
Alexander Graham Bell studied everything about the human voice until 1870.
In 1870, the Bell family moved to Canada.
In 1871, Bell becomes a teacher of the deaf.
At the Clarke School in Northampton, Massachusetts.
Bell was a professor from 1873 to 1877.
He is Professor of Speech Technology and Physiology of the Voice.
At the University of Boston.
They met at the Clarke School.
Alexander Graham Bell is one of the inventors of the telephone.
Alexander Graham Bell was a speech teacher for the deaf.
Alexander Mitscherlich was born on September 20, 1908.
In Munich, Germany.
He dies on June 26, 1982 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
Alexander Mitscherlich was a: - Physician
Alexander Mitscherlich was a: - Psychoanalyst
Alexander Mitscherlich was a: - University teacher
Alexander Mitscherlich was a: - Writer
His most famous book is called:
The Inability to Grieve
He wrote the book together with his wife Margarete Mitscherlich.
Alexander Sergeyevich Pushkin was born on June 6, 1799.
In Moscow, Russia.
He dies on February 10, 1837 in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
Alexander Sergeyevich Pushkin is a: Writer Poet
Alexander Sutherland Neill was born on October 17, 1883.
In Forfar, Scotland.
He died on September 23, 1973 in Aldeburgh, Suffolk, England.
Alexander Sutherland Neill was an educator.
He founded the Summerhill School.
In 2012, he invented a new direction in art.
This art is popular with many people.
He is an artist from Russia.
An algo-rithm solves a task step by step.
The opposite of an algorithm is a heuristic.
An algorithm is a sequence.
You can solve problems with an algorithm.
In Piotrków Trybunalski, Poland.
She dies on April 14, 2010, in Saint-Rémy-de-Provence, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.
Miller's books are easier to understand.
She describes child-parent relationships.
And criticizes psychoanalysis.
Because she thinks drive theory is an illusion.
Miller says: “The drive theory is wrong.
Childhood trauma is more than childish fantasy.
When people believe in the drive theory, they don't see: Child abuse Child abuse It's real!
Alice Miller is a psychologist.
She says of herself: “I am a childhood researcher!
She describes child abuse in her books.
She says: “When these children are adults, they are injured in their being: physically, mentally and spiritually.
Many people like to drink alcoholic beverages.
This can be dangerous.
You can become dependent on alcohol.
In other words, you can't stop drinking alcohol.
This is also called addiction.
Alcoholism is a disease.
People with alcoholism are called alcoholics.
An alcoholic must drink alcohol regularly.
Otherwise the alcoholic feels bad.
If you have alcoholism, you need help.
Alcoholism can be cured.
To do this, you have to go through alcohol withdrawal.
This is also called detoxification.
And you need therapy.
The alcoholic must learn to live without alcohol.
Alcoholism is a disease.
And an addiction.
You can't stop drinking alcohol.
Alcohol is part of chemistry.
There are many alcohols.
One alcohol is ethanol.
It is also called: Ethyl alcohol.
Or alcohol for short.
Ethanol is a liquid.
Ethanol has no color.
Ethanol can burn.
You can also clean with ethanol.
Ethanol is in many drinks.
Many people like to drink alcohol.
But alcohol can be dangerous.
Too much alcohol is poison for the body.
This means that if you drink a lot of it, you become ill.
The liver often becomes very ill.
And you can become dependent on alcohol.
In other words, you can't stop drinking alcohol.
This is called addiction.
It is also called alcoholism.
If you have alcoholism, you need help.
That's why you should only drink a little alcohol.
It is best not to drink alcohol at all.
You should also not drink alcohol every day.
And you should also not drink alcohol alone.
Sometimes it is better not to drink alcohol.
For example: - During pregnancy.
- At work.
- In traffic.
- With some illnesses.
- When taking medication.
Children should not drink alcohol.
Alcohol is a liquid.
The word alcohol has various meanings: Alcohol often means ethanol.
It can also mean a drink containing alcohol.
This is a drink containing ethanol.
For example, beer or wine.
An avenue is long and has trees to the right and left.
An avenue is a straight road.
The word single is an adjective.
The word single means alone.
For example, a person.
If the person lives alone.
Without a family or without a partner.
Alone entertainers play at parties.
They do a one-man show.
A solo entertainer is a profession.
A solo entertainer is an artist.
He makes entertainment alone.
For example, playing music.
The proverb comes from a story.
Johann Peter Hebel wrote it: Donkey father and son Or also: The fable of the father, the son and the donkey.
This story is a metaphor.
Doing right by everyone is an art that no one can do.
That is a proverb.
You can't fulfill everyone's wishes.
You can't satisfy everyone at the same time.
If you have your point of view, you cannot agree with everyone else's point of view.
The opposite of everywhere is nowhere.
When something or someone is everywhere, you say: everywhere
This saying comes from Ovid.
His full name was: Publius Ovidius Naso He was a Roman poet.
And lived in Sulmo in 43 BC.
Today's Sulmona.
It lies 120 kilometers east of Rome.
All beginnings are hard is a proverb.
When you start a new job, you always find it difficult.
Saints are special people.
For example: - People who have done a lot for their religion
For example: - People who died for their religion
For example: - People who have done a lot for their fellow human beings
For example, people who helped poor people
or helped sick people
Some saints have their own feast day.
For example: - St. Nicholas Day
For example: - St. Martin
For example: - St. Barbara's Day
There are many saints among Christians.
More saints than there are days in the year.
That is why there is the All Saints' Day.
This day is a day of celebration for all saints.
Even for the saints that people do not yet know.
In other words, saints that only God knows.
All Saints' Day is a day for all saints.
Pope Gregory IV lived in the 9th century.
He said: November 1st should be a feast day.
All Saints' Day should always be celebrated on November 1st.
The night before All Saints' Day is Halloween.
The day after All Saints' Day is All Souls' Day.
Some Christians go to the cemetery on All Saints' Day.
They decorate the graves of their relatives.
They lay flowers on the grave.
Or they light a candle.
In some countries, All Saints' Day is a public holiday.
This means that people do not have to go to work.
Children don't have to go to school.
The stores are closed.
In Germany, All Saints' Day is a public holiday in some federal states.
In: - Baden-Württemberg
In: - Bavaria
In: - North Rhine-Westphalia
In: - Rhineland-Palatinate
In: - Saarland
In Switzerland, All Saints' Day is a public holiday in some cantons.
All Saints' Day is a public holiday in these countries: - Austria
All Saints' Day is a public holiday in these countries: - Liechtenstein
All Saints' Day is a public holiday in these countries: - Luxembourg
All Saints' Day is a public holiday in these countries - Italy
All Saints' Day is a public holiday in these countries - France
All Saints' Day is a public holiday in these countries - Spain
All Saints' Day is a public holiday in these countries - Portugal
All Saints' Day is a public holiday in these countries - Belgium
In these countries is on All Saints Day holiday: - Poland
In these countries is on All Saints Day holiday: - Hungary
All Saints' Day is a public holiday in these countries: Hungary - Croatia
All Saints' Day is a public holiday in these countries: Croatia - Slovenia
All Saints' Day is a public holiday in these countries: Slovenia - Slovakia
All Saints' Day is a public holiday in these countries: Slovakia - Lithuania
In these countries is on All Saints Day holiday: - Philippines
All Saints' Day is a public holiday in these countries: - Sweden The holiday is not always on November 1.
The holiday is between October 31 and November 6.
- Finland the holiday is not always on November 1st.
The holiday is between October 31 and November 6.
All Saints' Day is a public holiday.
Churches celebrate this day.
It is a day of remembrance.
Christians remember all the saints.
Example: Dora and Peter have a fight.
But the next day everything is fine again.
Dora and Peter have a fight.
But everything is fine again the next day.
Dora and Peter have a fight.
But the next day they get along again.
Everything is fine is a figure of speech.
“Everything in butter” means “everything is fine”.
Proverbs: - All good things come in threes.
- All's well that ends well.
- All's well that ends well.
- All that glitters is not gold.
- Everything can be lumped together.
Everything is the opposite of nothing.
Everything is the greatest possible number.
Everything comes from the word All.
The universe contains everything.
Generalˑeducation is education (knowledge).
The important knowledge for life is also called general education.
When you sign a contract, you have to accept the terms and conditions.
And you have to abide by them.
The T&Cs are often written in very small letters under a contract.
Individual countries have different rules for GTCs. - AGB in Germany
Individual countries have different rules for GTC. - GTC in Austria
General terms and conditions are rules.
For example, when you order something on the Internet.
The short word for general terms and conditions is AGB. Whenever you order something, you have to accept the seller's terms and conditions.
The General Equal Treatment Act states that these people should be better protected: - Old people
The General Equal Treatment Act states that these people should be better protected: - People with disabilities
The General Equal Treatment Act states that these people should be better protected: - People who believe in a different God
The General Equal Treatment Act states that these people should be better protected: - People who have a different skin color
The General Equal Treatment Act states that these people should be better protected: - People who are gay or lesbian
The General Equal Treatment Act states that these people should be better protected: - People who come from another country
They must not be disadvantaged.
This means that they must not be treated differently from other people.
For example, women and men must be treated equally.
The Equal Treatment Act has been in force since August 14, 2006.
The Equal Treatment Act was passed by the Bundestag.
The General Equal Treatment Act used to have a different name.
It used to be called the Anti-discrimination Act.
The abbreviation for anti-discrimination law is ADG. Many people still call it the Anti-discrimination Act today.
The General Equal Treatment Act is a law.
The law is intended to protect people from injustice.
And it should protect people from discrimination.
For example, in the event of discrimination at work.
An everyday mask is made of fabric.
Usually made of cotton.
It is tied behind the ears with a ribbon.
An everyday mask is a mask for the face.
It protects the mouth.
And you protect your nose.
So that no harmful substances get into your face.
An everyday mask protects the airways.
From air pollution, for example.
History experts often talk about the Old World.
The opposite of the Old World is the New World.
The New World is America.
Columbus discovered the New World in 1492.
Now people know that there are 4 parts of the earth.
People get to know each other.
And start trading things with each other.
The Old World is 3 parts of the earth.
These are Europe, Africa and Asia.
The people of the past only knew these parts of the earth.
They know that people live everywhere there.
But they didn't know any other parts of the world.
Altenburg has over 30 thousand inhabitants.
The river Pleisse flows through Altenburg.
Altenburg has existed since 976 and is the capital of the Altenburger Land district.
The mayor of Altenburg is Andre Neumann.
Before that, Michael Wolf was mayor.
The game of skat was invented in Altenburg.
Altenburg is a city of the Reformation.
The reformer Georg Spalatin lived here.
Emperor Barbarossa was a guest in Altenburg 6 times.
Altenburg's landmark is the “Rote Spitzen”.
These are 2 church towers made of red bricks.
Altenburg has 3 large churches and a large market.
The town hall is 455 years old.
There are various museums in Altenburg Castle.
The Altenburg Playing Card Museum is very well known.
The skat fountain is located on the Altenburger Brühl.
The Skat fountain is the only monument in the world to a card game.
Altenburg is a town in Germany.
Altenburg is a city in the federal state of Thuringia.
The AfD is a political party in Germany.
The party color of the AfD is light blue.
Frauke Petry and Jörg Meuthen are the leaders of the party.
The AfD has existed since February 6.
Bernd Lucke co-founded the party in 2013.
Back then, the topic was money and the euro.
Bernd Lucke is against the euro.
He left the party.
Because there are many far-right politicians in the AfD.
The AfD is a strong party.
That means they have many politicians in the Bundestag.
The AfD has had over 20,000 members since 2017.
Many people who vote for the AfD are protest voters.
Many politicians from other parties are against the AfD. Because the party makes promises that are false.
And because there are right-wing extremist politicians in the AfD.
And because some ideas are against the constitution.
The AFD says it is a centrist party.
The Alternative for Germany is a party.
The short word for Alternative for Germany is AfD. AfD politicians think the euro is bad.
And they think Islam is bad.
And they want fewer refugees.
And they think abortion is bad.
And they want direct democracy.
And they think marriage for all is bad.
Many AfD politicians are populists.
They have a lot of different opinions.
And they have few ideas for improvements.
Example: Hans and Claudia want to do something together.
Hans suggests going to the movies.
And he offers an alternative.
The alternative is to watch TV.
Claudia can decide.
Go to the movies.
Or watch TV as an alternative.
The opposite of alternative is alternative-less-ness.
An alternative is when you have 2 options.
You can choose between several things.
And you have several options.
For example: rent for your home food clothes medication other things you need Poor people often have to continue working.
Or they need money from the state.
Because they have too little money to live on.
Pension funds have little money.
Everyone gets old.
That means a person gets older.
That is the biographical age.
For example, you can say: “I am 65 years old.” There is also biological age.
There is a science of old age: gerontology.
Age is a stage of life.
The age of a person is given in years.
Many pharaohs lived in ancient Egypt.
The people were very well off.
Because they had plenty of water from the Nile river.
The water meant that there was always a good harvest.
Ancient Egypt was a society.
It existed a very long time ago.
In ancient times.
There is a council of elders in the: - German Bundestag
There is a Council of Elders in the: - State Parliament
A member of the Council of Elders does not have to be of a certain age.
These persons must have experience.
Experience and knowledge of parliaments.
Example German Bundestag: The Council of Elders says what is on the agenda in the Bundestag.
And it supports the President of the Bundestag in his work.
The Council of Elders ensures that all work is done.
And makes appointments for meetings.
The Council of Elders also helps when there is a dispute.
There are 30 members in the Council of Elders: - 1 President
These 30 members make up the Council of Elders: - 6 representatives of the President
In the Council of Elders these 30 members are: - 23 people from individual parties
Because the Council of Elders has many tasks
it can receive support.
For example, from expert groups.
These expert groups are called commissions.
The Council of Elders is a group of politicians.
The group deals with issues relating to the rules of procedure.
The head of the group is the President of Parliament.
You can buy many things at the Altona fish market.
For example, fruit, vegetables or fish.
It is a very large market.
With lots of stalls.
Outside and inside.
The Altona fish market is a very large market.
It's in the city of Hamburg.
From 5.00 am to 9.30 am.
The market is known for its market criers.
Altruism is the opposite of selfishness Some people say that those who act unselfishly or selflessly are acting altruistically.
Altruism is a Latin word.
A new city has been built around the old city.
The old town should remind us of the old city.
The way it used to look.
Old towns are often improved.
So that they look like they used to.
For example, if they are destroyed after a war.
Motor vehicles are often banned in an old town.
An old town was built before the 20th century.
It is part of the city center.
It should improve the cityscape.
Old towns are important.
So that you can see what the city used to look like.
For example, when you come to a city as a tourist.
An old town is a part of a city.
It is the part that is very old.
For example, streets with cobblestones.
Or the part where there are very old churches.
Or an old city wall.
The Indian summer lasts from September to October.
Indian summer is a weather singularity: A weather singularity where the weather air pressure is high.
This means that the air is dry and warm.
You can recognize Indian summer by this: - During the day, it is warm and the sun is shining.
- It gets colder at night
- The leaves on the trees change color (see beginning of autumn)
Indian summer is the weather in September and October.
This is when summer comes to an end.
During this time, however, it is still very warm and the sun often shines.
The aluminum hat is often used ironically.
It means: if nothing else helps, then an aluminum hat helps (the aluminum hat is safe)
An aluminum hat is a hat for the head.
It is made of aluminum foil.
An oath of office is an oath.
There are rules for an oath of office.
Or there are laws for it.
They say what you have to say when you take an oath of office.
And what you have to promise.
There is an oath of office in religions.
And in politics.
An oath of office is a declaration.
You promise something.
A promise before you start something new.
For example, a new job.
When you take the oath of office, you declare that you will do all your tasks well.
The official language is used - to answer citizens' questions
The official language is used - in meetings
The official language is used - to write down important rules
In some countries there are different official languages.
In Germany there is one official language.
Countries with several official languages also use a working language.
There are official languages and working languages in the United Nations, for example.
An official language is a language.
This language is spoken in a country.
The language is used by the authorities.
And it is spoken by politicians.
An official language is often difficult to understand.
When a term of office is finished, someone new has to take over.
A term of office is a time.
The time in which someone holds office.
For example, the term of office for the Federal Chancellor.
This term of office lasts 4 years.
Some say that the flight of the airplane should have been banned.
The plane should not have flown.
Some say the plane has technical faults.
And some say the plane was loaded too heavily.
The plane is an Antonov An-12 airplane.
It is a transport plane.
The AN-12 accident in Juba happened on November 4, 2015.
The plane (named Antonov An-12) crashed.
The crash happened shortly after take-off.
The plane took off and crashed shortly afterwards.
This means that the plane crashed to the ground.
The accident happened near the White Nile River.
Nobody knows exactly why the plane crashed.
41 people died in the accident.
An anaconda lives in South America.
Its home is the rainforest.
There it lives in the water or in the swamp.
An anaconda can grow up to 9 meters long.
This snake can weigh up to 200 kilograms.
200 kilograms can be 2 adult males.
A small anaconda eats small animals or birds.
A large anaconda eats caimans or predatory cats.
Caimans are small crocodiles.
An anaconda prefers to eat at night.
It goes hunting at night.
It lies in the water and waits for its food.
It has to catch its food first.
Its food is then called prey or victim.
An anaconda hugs its victim very tightly.
The hug is very tight.
Then the victim can no longer breathe.
The victim's heart then stops beating.
The victim dies.
Then the anaconda can eat its victim.
The anaconda does not take a bite.
The anaconda swallows the victim whole.
An anaconda feels every movement with its skin.
It feels this best in the water.
An anaconda is a snake.
An anaconda is the largest snake in the world.
An anaconda is also the heaviest snake in the world.
There are different types of illiterates.
For example: - Primary illiterate
This person cannot read or write.
They have never learned.
This often occurs in developing countries.
- Secondary illiterate
They did learn once.
And then forgot again.
- Semi-illiterate
He can read.
But he can't write.
- Functionally illiterate
He can read a little.
He can write a little.
For example, his own name.
He cannot read long texts.
He cannot understand long texts.
There are around 7.5 million functionally illiterate people in Germany.
An-al-pha-bet is a person.
A person who cannot read and write properly.
The first conversation between therapist and patient is called: anamnesis.
The patient talks about their problems.
The therapist asks the patient many questions.
For example, questions about - his family
For example, questions about - his job or school
For example, questions about - his hobbies
For example, questions about - other problems or illnesses
For example, questions about - other therapies
This allows the therapist to better understand the problem.
Then the therapist can help the patient better.
An anamnesis is a history.
The previous history of a person.
In anarchism there is no government.
There are no kings or presidents.
But sometimes there can be leaders.
But only if all the people in a group want it.
And only for a short time.
For example, until a task is finished.
In anarchism, everyone organizes life together.
Everyone has a say.
People in anarchism form small communities.
And they form small groups.
Like in a family, for example.
The communities take care of their own things.
They discuss what they have to do.
Communities can help each other.
Everyone should be able to join a group voluntarily.
The people in the community take care of each other.
And they help each other.
People in anarchism like to give away some of their own things.
They share their things with other people.
Someone who believes in anarchism is anarchist.
A woman who believes in anarchism is an anarchist.
A man who believes in anarchism is an anarchist.
Anarchism has existed in many countries in the past.
In Spain, for example.
Many people took part in anarchism back then.
That was from 1936 to 1939.
Anarchism is a political idea.
No one person should rule over another.
And there must be no hierarchy.
No one should be forced to do anything.
There should be no oppression.
In anarchism, these things are particularly important for people: - Freedom
In anarchism, these things are particularly important for people: - Self-determination
In anarchism, these things are particularly important to people: - Equality
In anarchism, these things are especially important to people: - Self-realization
In anarchism, these things are especially important to people: - Making and controlling things themselves
In anarchism these things are especially important for people: - Non-violence
In anarchism, these things are particularly important for people: - Individual people should have no power
In anarchism there are many groups and communities.
Very often they have their own signs.
An idea of how people can live together.
There are no big bosses in anarchism.
This means that there are no bosses who determine anything.
No one has the say alone.
All people have a say in anarchism.
The opposite of recognize is: to recognize The word recognize is a verb.
When you acknowledge, you give your consent to something.
Angela Merkel was born in Hamburg on July 17, 1954.
Her maiden name at the time was Kasner. Her full name is Angela Dorothea Merkel.
Angela Merkel became a member of the German Bundestag in 1990.
At the same time, she became a member of the CDU party.
Angela Merkel was the leader of the CDU for 18 years. From 2000 to 2018. Angela Merkel was Federal Chancellor for 16 years.
From the year 2005 to the year 2021. Angela Merkel is 165 centimeters tall.
Her hair color is brown.
Angela Merkel is a politician.
She is in the CDU party. Angela Merkel was the Chancellor of Germany.
From November 22, 2005 to December 8, 2021.
You can catch fish with a fishing rod.
A fishing rod is a line with a hook.
You also need bait.
This goes on the hook.
This attracts the fish.
There are different ways to fish.
For example: - Trolling
For example: - Fly fishing
For example: - Bottom fishing
For example: - Sea-fishing
Fishing means catching fish with a fishing rod.
Example: The price of the shoes is okay.
Or: The price of the shoes is reasonable.
Angle-zism are words.
The words come from the English language.
They have the same meaning.
Just like the English words.
Angle-zism is a borrowing.
If there is a lot of Anglicism, it is called Denglish.
Anglicisms take English words.
The words are then transferred to another language.
For example, from the English language into the German language.
The attack happened in the city of Las Vegas.
The attack was a massacre.
The attack started on the evening of October 1st.
The attack happened at a country festival.
Stephen Paddock shot at the people at the festival.
He shot at people from his hotel room.
Stephen Paddock had a lot of guns with him.
He had over 20 guns with him when he attacked.
He had the guns in his hotel room.
And in his car.
He also had explosives in his car.
Stephen Paddock killed 58 people.
And he injured over 500 people.
Stephen Paddock planned the attack in advance.
He installed surveillance cameras outside the hotel room.
He wanted to see if anyone came to his hotel room.
Stephen Paddock wanted to kill a lot of people.
The attack ended at 23:20 that night.
Special police broke into Stephen Paddock's hotel room.
Stephen Paddock was already dead.
He committed suicide in his hotel room.
The IS group says Stephen Paddock is one of them.
That is false.
Stephen Paddock acted alone.
Nobody knows why Stephen Paddock did the attack.
Many people around the world are afraid and sad.
Many people are discussing guns.
In the USA it is very easy to buy a gun.
Many people want different gun laws.
The gun lobby does not want different laws.
On October 1, 2017, an attack happened in Las Vegas.
A man killed and injured other people.
He shot other people.
The man murdered over 50 people.
And he injured over 500 people in the process.
In 1976, Ronnie Lee founded the Animal Liberation Front.
Animal Liberation Front is English.
In German, the group means: Animal Liberation Front The Animal Liberation Front says: Everyone can join the Animal Liberation Front.
Anyone can join: - Vegetarians or vegans.
- frees animals when they are tortured
- breaks things belonging to people who torture animals.
The group carries out various actions.
The actions are intended to help animals.
For example: - The group frees animals from experimental laboratories
For example: - The group releases animals from a fur farm.
The group also breaks things.
For example: - The group saws down hunters' high seats.
- The group set fire to a sausage factory.
Animal Liberation Front is the name of a group.
The group stands up for animals.
The group does not want people to carry out experiments on animals.
The group also uses violence to do so.
An anchor country is a special country.
When an anchor country makes a decision, many neighboring countries are affected.
Because of a decision made by an anchor country, something always happens in the neighboring country.
Phonetic charts should help with reading and writing.
The pictures are together with the letters.
For example, the letter: B. And the picture of a banana.
The letter B is pronounced first in the word banana.
It is also called: anlaut.
There are phonetic transcription programs for the computer.
For example with voice output.
The letter or word is spoken by a computer voice.
The programs have an extra keyboard.
There are pictures on it.
A phonics chart is used for learning.
There are letters and pictures on it.
You can use it to learn how a word is spoken and written.
Anna Faris was born on November 29, 1976.
In Baltimore, USA.
Anna Faris is an American actress.
And a singer.
And a voice actress.
Annalena Baerbock was born on December 15, 1980.
Her full name is Annalena Charlotte Alma Baerbock.
As a child, Annalena did trampoline gymnastics.
Annalena Baerbock is married.
They live in Brandenburg.
Annalena Baerbock is a member of the German Bundestag.
She is a member of the Green Party.
She has been a member of the party since 2005. Annalena Baerbock has been the leader of the Greens since January 27, 2018.
Together with Robert Habeck.
Annalena Baerbock is a politician.
She is in the Green Party.
Since December 8, 2021 the Foreign Minister of Germany.
Annalena Baerbock is the leader of the Green Party.
And she was a candidate for chancellor.
Chancellor candidate for the 2021 federal election.
Today, the word is often used for “unrecognized” A person does not want to say who they are.
He does not say his name.
He remains anonymous.
When he writes a letter, he does not sign it.
He does not write his name on the letter either.
Then nobody knows who wrote the letter.
There may be several reasons for this, for example: he wants to say something but is afraid of getting into trouble.
he wants people to take what he says seriously, not his person.
The word “anonymity” can also mean that you are no longer important in a large crowd of people.
For example: “In the anonymity of the big cities, lonely people find no help.” Very old texts, where you don't know who wrote them, sometimes have “Anonymus” underneath.
The word “anonymous” is a loan word from ancient Greek.
Anonymous means nameless.
Anonymity is the corresponding noun.
Anonymous groups take action on the Internet.
And in real life.
They want to make a political difference.
When they meet, they sometimes wear face masks.
They wear the face mask of Guy Fawkes.
Anonymous groups exist all over the world.
Anonymous is an internet phenomenon.
Anonymous groups are different people who protest together against certain things.
For example, against censorship.
One person is anonymous.
So nobody knows: Who is this person?
Explanation in plain language
Why can anorexia occur? - With cancer
Why can anorexia occur? - Because of an infectious disease
Why can anorexia occur? - Due to a mental disorder
Why can anorexia occur? - Due to a side effect of a medication
Anorexia is a technical term and an artificial word.
In anorexia, you don't feel like eating anything.
If the anorexia lasts longer, the hunger also disappears.
An anorexia can also be a country.
This is a: - Neighboring country
A neighbor is a neighbor.
This means: someone lives next door
The man deliberately shot at the people.
Nobody knows who the man is.
And why he did it.
And nobody knows where the man is.
He ran off afterwards.
The police and experts are trying to find out who the man is.
And where the man was hiding.
The police in Turkey say: the man has committed terrorism.
And the man used a long gun to shoot.
The IS group has said: we carried out the attack.
And the man belongs to our group.
The man who owns the nightclub said: the secret service of the United States warned him.
The secret service said there was an attack on the nightclub.
The secret service of America says that's not true.
Angela Merkel said that the attack was evil and terrible.
She thinks of the people who have died.
And of the injured people.
There have already been many attacks in Turkey.
There were 20 attacks in 2016.
For example on January 12, 2016, or on February 17, 2016 in Ankara.
Or on December 10 in Istanbul.
The attack in Istanbul was on January 1, 2017.
Thirty-seven people were killed.
And many people were injured.
One man shot at many people with a gun.
The man did it in a nightclub.
Many people were partying there.
Over 700 people were partying in the nightclub.
The attack took place in the city of Istanbul.
That is in Turkey.
There were these 2 attacks on December 10, 2016.
The attack in Istanbul was on December 10, 2016.
44 people were killed.
And many people were injured.
Someone blew up a car.
And a man blew himself up.
The perpetrators did this deliberately.
They wanted to kill and injure many people.
The perpetrators themselves died in the process.
The attack took place in the city of Istanbul.
The man who blew himself up is a suicide bomber.
His name is Nabil Fadli.
He blew himself up in a square full of people.
Nabil Fadli stood with the other people and then detonated the bomb, killing himself in the process.
The square is called Sultan Ahmed Square and is very well known.
A lot of tourists visit the square.
Nabil Fadli was 28 years old.
He belongs to the IS group.
There was a news blackout after the attack.
This means that it is forbidden to pass on information.
10 people were killed in the attack.
8 people are from Germany and one person is from Peru.
The attack in Istanbul took place on January 12, 2016.
Ten people were killed.
And many people were injured.
A man blew himself up in a square full of people.
The perpetrator did it on purpose.
The perpetrator died himself.
The attack took place in the city of Istanbul.
That is in Turkey.
12 people were killed in the attack.
And 11 people were injured.
It was a terrorist attack.
The attack on Charlie Hebdo happened on January 7, 2015.
2 men shot at other people with guns.
This is what happened in Paris at the Charlie Hebdo offices.
Soccer players from Borussia Dortmund took the bus.
They were going to a UEFA match.
To the UEFA match between Borussia Dortmund and AS Monaco.
A man had hidden 3 explosive bombs on the road.
When the bus with the soccer players drove past, the bombs exploded.
A soccer player and a policeman were injured in the attack.
The soccer match was canceled because of the attack.
Some say the IS group carried out the attack.
The police say this is false.
The police have found three letters of confession.
And they have arrested one man.
The man's name is Sergej W. He is 28 years old.
He made the bombs.
Sergej W. carried out the attack out of greed.
He wanted the shares of the Borussia Dortmund soccer club to be worth less.
He wanted to make a lot of money with them.
That's why he bought warrants before the attack.
The attack on the Borussia Dortmund bus happened on April 11, 2017.
Someone had hidden explosives on the street.
When the Borussia Dortmund bus drove past, the explosives detonated.
A police officer and a soccer player were injured.
The attack happened in Höchsten.
There was a demonstration in Ankara.
The people at the demonstration want the Turkey-PKK conflict to end.
Many people came to the demonstration.
There was a large crowd.
Then someone detonated a bomb in the crowd.
It is not yet known who carried out the attack.
Some say it was the IS group.
Some say the bombs were similar to the attack in Suruc.
The people at the demonstration want the Turkey-PKK conflict to end.
The attack in Ankara in 2015 was on October 10, 2015. 97 people died.
And many people were injured.
Someone detonated two bombs.
The perpetrators did this deliberately.
The perpetrators died themselves.
The attack was in the city of Ankara.
That's in Turkey.
The perpetrators hid bombs in their car.
Then they drove off in their car.
When they drove past many vehicles, they detonated the bomb.
There were soldiers in the other vehicles.
There was an explosion and a lot of fire.
It is not yet known who carried out the attack.
Some say it was the IS group.
Because Turkey is involved in the war in Syria.
Some say it was the PKK group.
Because Turkey has a dispute with the PKK.
Angela Merkel has said that the attack was evil and terrible.
She thinks of the people who have died.
And of the injured people.
Angela Merkel has also said that the people who did this must be punished.
Germany is helping Turkey to find these people and punish them.
There have already been many attacks in Turkey.
The last one was on January 12, 2016.
The attack in Ankara in 2016 was on February 17, 2016.
Twenty-six people died in it.
And many people were injured.
Someone blew up a car.
The perpetrators did this deliberately.
They wanted to kill and injure many people.
The perpetrators themselves died in the process.
The attack took place in the city of Ankara.
That is in Turkey.
The bomb exploded at 18:56.
It is not known who detonated the bomb.
No one has yet claimed responsibility.
Many believe that it was done because of political opinions.
And because other people should be frightened.
So that they no longer go on vacation in Thailand.
The bomb exploded among many people.
There were a lot of vacationers in the area.
They were shopping in the Ratchaprasong district.
Or had visited the Erawan shrine.
There have already been many attacks in Thailand.
For example, after the riots in Bangkok in 2010, many people died in the bomb attack.
Exactly how many is not known.
The police in Bangkok are still investigating the attack.
The people who died come from these countries: China, Thailand, Philippines.
It is not yet known where many of the people come from.
The attack in Bangkok in August 2015 was on August 17, 2015, and many people died.
And a lot of people were injured.
It happened because someone detonated a bomb.
It was done deliberately.
The attack was in the city of Bangkok.
That's in Thailand.
The bomb was detonated near a shopping street.
There were a lot of people there.
The truck ran over people at a Christmas market.
There were 2 men in the truck.
The truck driver was arrested by the police.
The second man was chased by the police.
He died in the process.
The police do not know why the attack happened in Berlin.
The police are trying to find out.
The attack in Berlin 2016 happened on December 19, 2016.
The attack happened in Berlin.
At a Christmas market.
A truck drove into a crowd of people.
The driver deliberately ran over the people.
Twelve people died as a result.
Many people are injured.
The attack was carried out by the IS group.
Several right-wing groups were present at the demonstration.
For example, the Ku Klux Klan.
The right-wing groups had weapons with them.
And they walked through the city with torches.
They want an equestrian figure to stay in the city.
The equestrian figure has a right-wing meaning.
The right-wing groups attacked the counter-demonstrators.
The groups are against people who are different from themselves.
One of the right-wing groups drove his car into the counter-demonstration.
He killed a woman in the process.
And over 19 people were injured.
Police officers stopped the man.
And arrested him.
The police say he was a terrorist.
He gets a very heavy sentence for it.
President Donald Trump said little against right-wing extremism during the attack.
The attack in Charlottesville happened in August 2017.
In the city of Charlottesville.
On August 12, 2017 and August 13, 2017, right-wing groups demonstrated on these days.
The right-wing groups are against people who are different from themselves.
Other groups held a counter-demonstration.
They were demonstrating against the right-wing groups.
Both groups attacked each other.
A right-wing man drove a car into the counter-demonstration.
A woman died as a result.
And many people were injured.
Curry sausage is a food from Germany.
Curry sausage is a bratwurst.
Or it is a scalded sausage.
Curry sausage is eaten in small pieces from a plate.
It is served with a sauce with tomatoes and curry powder.
Or the sausage is topped with curry ketchup.
Curry sausage is very popular.
It is often eaten with toast.
Or with chips.
A curry sausage is a fried sausage.
Or it is a boiled sausage.
It is eaten with a sauce made from tomatoes and curry powder.
CyanogenMod is derived from the Android operating system.
Android is from the company Google.
Some cell phone companies have modified the Android operating system.
This means: Depending on which company you buy a cell phone from, you have a modified Android operating system on your cell phone.
Some prefer to use CyanogenMod.
for example: - because the cell phone company has not yet made the latest Android version for their own cell phone
for example: - some cell phone companies do not update their Android version
for example: - with CyanogenMod you can set everything as you want
For example: - CyanogenMod has a PrivacyGuard.
This means that apps cannot steal data CyanogenMod does not work with all cell phones More than nine (9) million people have installed CyanogenMod on their cell phones.
CyanogenMod is an operating system for smartphones.
Cyber Monday is a shopping day on the Internet.
Internet shops sell some things cheaper on this day.
You can buy more for less money.
The Christmas shopping days start with Black Friday.
The following Monday is Cyber Monday.
Internet stores earn more money on Cyber Monday.
Because more people buy things.
Cyber Monday are English words.
Cyber Monday means Internet Monday in German.
This is how Cyber Monday is pronounced: Saiber Mandäi.
Cyber Monday is an internet shopping day.
It takes place every year in November.
Always on a Monday.
And always after Thanks-giving.
The letters D, A and CH are abbreviations for nationality symbols.
D-A-CH means: D = Germany A = Austria CH = Confoederatio Helvetica (Switzerland) The language spoken in all 3 countries is German.
This is the: Umbrella language At a D-A-CH conference, all 3 countries meet for discussions.
D-A-CH is an artificial word.
D-A-CH is a short word for these 3 countries: Germany, Austria, Switzerland
Example: At the birthday party the bear is dancing.
There's a lot going on at the birthday party.
Everyone is in a good mood at the birthday party.
There's a lot going on at the birthday party.
It means everyone is in a good mood.
Dabba-wala is a profession.
The food cans are called dabbas.
They are similar to a handle-man.
There are dabba-walas in India.
There are many in big cities.
Like Mumbai, for example.
The dabbas have colors.
And they have numbers.
And they have letters.
So that the dabba-walas know where to take the food.
The empty dabbas are brought back.
To clean them up.
A dabbawala is a person.
A dabbawala brings food.
You can order your own food from the dabba-wala.
Food that you have cooked at home.
A dabba-wala collects food from the kitchen.
And brings it to the workplace.
The food is packed in tins.
So that the food stays warm.
The words Dagger Complex come from the English language.
In German, Dagger Complex means: - Dagger complex
Dagger Complex is pronounced like this:
In German, Dagger Complex means: - Däggar Complex
To build the Dagger Complex,
Germany contributed another 858,000 euros.
The Dagger Complex has been in existence since 1951 and there used to be an elementary school and a baseball pitch on the site.
Today there is a fence with barbed wire around the property.
The American military does not say what they are doing on the property.
Some say: - There are many underground rooms on the Dagger Complex
Some say: - There used to be technology from the Echelon Spinonage facility here
Some say: - The NSA has technology here.
For example, the spying software: XKeyscore Edward Snowden used to work for the NSA secret service.
He has said that the American secret service collects data in Germany.
For example in the Dagger Complex.
Dagger Complex is the name of a piece of land.
The property is near Darmstadt.
There are houses and buildings from the American military on the property where intelligence service employees work.
For example from the NSA secret service.
The Dalai Lama is the head of the Buddhists in Tibet.
Buddhism is a religion.
When you speak to the Dalai Lama, you say “His Holiness” to him.
Dalai Lama is a title.
The Dalai Lama is the head of the Buddhists.
There are different breeds of dog.
One breed is called the Dalmatian.
A Dalmatian is a dog with a white coat.
There are black spots on the coat.
A Dalmatian is a dog.
The first locomotive was steam-powered.
There is a driver and a stoker in the locomotive.
The stoker is throwing coal into the furnace.
You can clearly see the locomotive.
There is a large cloud of steam above the locomotive.
A steam locomotive is a vehicle on rails.
The locomotive is pulling the train.
The steam locomotive runs on steam.
Coal and water are needed for the steam.
The water is turned into steam with the coal in the furnace.
The steam has great power and moves the wheels.
It has enough power to pull a train.
The word dandy can have different meanings.
For example: - A dandy is a man who wears very flashy clothes.
- There used to be a car brand called Dandy.
Most people say: the clothes a dandy wears are exaggerated The people who wear such clothes belong to the: Dandyism They used to be young people who attended church in these clothes.
A very famous dandy was: Oscar Wilde
A dandy is a man who wears very flamboyant clothes.
Denmark has a long coastline and many islands.
For example, the well-known island of Zealand.
The flag of Denmark is red with a white cross.
The official language in Denmark is Danish.
Many people in Denmark also speak English.
Denmark has a diverse history and culture.
Denmark is known for its castles, cathedrals and museums.
And Denmark is famous for fish dishes and pastries such as “smørrebrød”.
The climate in Denmark is often cool and damp.
In winter, snow often falls and temperatures can drop below freezing.
In summer it can be very pleasant, with temperatures between 20 and 25 degrees Celsius.
Legoland is a well-known theme park in Denmark, built entirely out of Lego bricks.
The currency in Denmark is the Danish krone.
Denmark is a small country in the north of Europe.
Denmark is on a peninsula.
The peninsula is called Jutland.
The capital of Denmark is Copenhagen.
Copenhagen is located on the Baltic Sea.
The Kingdom of Denmark consists of 3 countries.
- Denmark
- Greenland
- and the Faroe Islands
The Greek alphabet begins with Alpha = A. And ends with Omega = O. The proverb originated from this Bible verse: I am the Alpha and the Omega. The beginning and the end.
Thus says the Lord God.
The Bible verse is found in The Revelation of John.
In chapter 1:8
The Alpha and Omega is a figure of speech.
The Alpha and Omega means: - The most important thing
The Alpha and Omega means: - The basics
The Alpha and Omega means: - The enduringly valid
The Picture of Dorian Gray is a novel.
Oscar Wilde wrote the novel.
In 1890: The first edition is published.
In a magazine from Philadelphia.
In 1891: The novel is published as a book.
At the time, the novel is considered a: A novel with a bad reputation.
Wilde is therefore put on trial.
He is accused of having sex with a man.
The blue sofa is available at book fairs.
Authors talk about their new books.
A conversation lasts 30 minutes.
The blue sofa is a sofa.
Well-known people sit on the sofa.
And do interviews.
That means talking to reporters.
The lighter is a fairy tale.
Hans Christian Andersen wrote it in 1835.
The Canterville Ghost is a story.
It is Oscar Wild's first story.
In 1887: This story is published in a London magazine.
The Ugly Duckling is a fairy tale.
Hans Christian Andersen writes it in 1843.
The Cold Heart is a fairy tale.
Wilhelm Hauff writes the fairy tale.
In the year 1827.
The Little Girl with the Matchsticks is a fairy tale.
Hans Christian Andersen writes it in 1845.
The Brave Little Tailor is a fairy tale.
The Brothers Grimm popularize the fairy tale.
The program is 4 minutes long.
And is broadcast on ARD. The people who speak in the program deal with: Theology.
For example: Pastors.
Currently 8 people (3) speak the Word on Sunday.
They always take it in turns.
The program has been around since May 8, 1954.
The Word on Sunday is a television program.
The program is broadcast every Saturday evening.
In the program, 1 person talks about the topic: Religion.
The dashcam is fixed inside the car.
For example, on the windshield.
Or on the dashboard.
A dashcam is digital.
This means that the film is stored on a memory card.
When the card is full, the old film is overwritten.
This is called loop recording Some dashcams have an acceleration sensor.
This protects the memory function in the event of an accident.
This means that the old film is not overwritten in the event of an accident.
Dashcams are prohibited in Austria.
A dashcam is a video camera in the car.
The camera films the car journey.
The GDPR is a regulation of the European Union.
This means that all countries in the European Union must comply with it.
Even if they store data abroad.
If the data comes from people in the European Union.
Politicians have been working on the GDPR since 2012. They have copied rules from the Federal Data Protection Act.
And from Directive 95/46/EC. So that Directive 95/46/EC is improved.
The proposal was made on January 25, 2012.
The European Parliament voted on October 21, 2013.
On April 14, 2016, the European Union adopted the proposal.
The GDPR came into force on May 24, 2016.
From May 25, 2018, everyone must comply with the GDPR.
The GDPR has been in place since 2016 and everyone must comply with it from May 25, 2018.
Countries that do not comply with the GDPR will be fined.
The fine can cost up to 20 million euros (20,000,000 euros).
The GDPR has 99 rules.
It states how to handle personal data.
For example, how to handle people's names.
Or how to handle addresses.
Or how to handle telephone numbers.
The General Data Protection Regulation is a law.
It protects personal information and data.
This means everything that can be linked to a person.
For example, your own name on an invoice.
The short word for General Data Protection Regulation is GDPR. The GDPR states, for example, how much personal data can be stored.
Or what data you have to delete.
For example, photos of people.
No data may be stored.
Unless the person gives permission.
With the GDPR, everyone should be able to control their own data.
Everyone should have control over their own data.
Data protection protects the right to privacy.
Information about people must not be passed on.
Everyone has a right to privacy.
That is why data must be protected.
All the rules for data protection are set out in the Federal Data Protection Act.
Anyone who does not comply with the law will be punished.
Data protection also means protecting the right to informational self-determination.
Informational self-determination means that everyone is allowed to make their own decisions about their data.
For example: - whether someone can have data about me
For example: - what data someone can have about me
For example: - Who can have data from me
For example: - who should delete my data
Data protection is important for a democracy.
Data protection means people's data.
In other words, private data.
There is also public data.
This data belongs to all citizens.
There is no data protection for this data.
The hacker ethic says: “Use public data, protect private data.” Someone who protects data is a data protector.
Data is information about people.
In data protection, this information is protected.
For example, the name.
Or the place of residence.
Or the telephone number.
Or the account number.
Nobody is allowed to use other people's data without asking.
Or pass on data to others.
Everyone should be able to decide what happens to their own data.
Everyone has a right to data protection.
To do a perm, you need a product and curlers.
First, a product is applied to the hair.
Then the curlers are put into the hair.
A perm is a hairstyle.
In a perm, curls and waves are created in the hair.
Thumbelina is a fairy tale.
Hans Christian Andersen wrote the fairy tale.
In the year 1835.
You can buy a ready-made thumb cinema.
Or you can make one yourself.
For this you need - individual pictures
You need: - Stapler
The images are then stapled together.
The flipbook works through the stroboscope effect.
The word flipbook has these 2 words: - Thumb
The word thumb-cinema has these 2 words: - Cinema
The word flipbook is a noun.
A flipbook is a small book with pictures.
There is 1 picture on each page of the book.
If you flip through it quickly, it looks like a movie is playing.
There can be letters on the thumb index, for example.
It looks like a step.
A thumb index is an aid to a book.
It helps you find things in the book more quickly.
DAUs are people who have no idea about computers.
DAU is an acronym
DAU is an abbreviation.
The abbreviation stands for: Dumbest Assumed User
David Bowie was born on January 8, 1947.
That was in London, Great Britain.
David Bowie died on January 10th, 2016.
That was in New York City, USA. David Bowie became famous in 1969.
In that year he made the song “Space Oddity”.
David Bowie worked with many other musicians and groups.
For example: - Iggy Pop
For example: - Queen
For example: - Mick Jagger
For example: - John Lennon
For example: - Bing Crosby
For example: - Tina Turner
For example: - Pet Shop Boys
For example: - Lou Reed
For example: - Placebo
For example: - Moby
For example: - Scarlett Johansson
David Bowie has also appeared in films.
He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
David Bowie was a musician and actor.
DBT is a therapy method.
It is used to help people with borderline personality disorder.
This is an illness of the soul.
You go to a psychotherapist for therapy.
This is a therapist for the soul.
Just like a doctor for the flu.
D B T stands for Dialectical Behavioral Therapy.
This means that what you do is treated here.
For example, you might hurt yourself or others.
DBT helps you to stop doing this.
Every telephone company has telephone lines.
All lines together are called a network.
The companies connect their networks to each other.
The connection point is called a network node.
There are around 340 network nodes around the world.
The largest network node is DE-CIX. DE-CIX is located in Frankfurt am Main.
DE-CIX has been in existence since 1995 and the BND spy service reads the data on DE-CIX.
The BND also passes the data on to the NSA espionage service.
DE-CIX is the name of an Internet node.
De facto is Latin.
It means “by deed, according to the facts”.
De facto is another word for actually.
It means that something is “really” so.
A deadline has a specific time.
This means that something has to be done by then
A deadline is an appointment.
A deaccession makes room for new items.
Take the library, for example: - Old books are sorted and taken away
The word debate comes from the French language.
In a debate, different people express their opinions on a topic.
There are rules for the discussion.
People make arguments in favor of the topic.
And they say counter-arguments.
People try to convince others of their opinion.
In politics, there are debates.
Then the politicians speak in parliament.
They say their arguments for the law.
Or against the law.
Examples of debates: - Parliamentary debate
Examples of debates: - Television debate
A debate is an argument.
Someone who makes a debut is a debutant.
A debut is a first work.
You show it to other people for the first time.
For example, a new music album.
Or a new book.
A cover name is a form of protection.
The cover name is intended to disguise the real name.
An alias can be used by individuals.
Or a project.
Cover names are often used by secret services.
Or people use an alias on the Internet.
So that they remain unrecognized.
An alias is a false name.
An alias is used to keep one's real name hidden.
Computer networks and machines are getting better and smarter through deep learning.
Deep learning are improvements in computer networks.
This means that computer networks learn new things themselves.
Take translation programs, for example.
The translation program learns new things from the data that is entered into the translation program.
The deep web are pages on the Internet.
They are called deep web because normal search engines do not know the pages.
You can only access the pages if you know the Internet address.
Some of these pages are protected by a password.
You can only read them if you know the password.
The deep web is often confused with the darknet.
The topics on darknet sites are often not allowed.
De-escalation is used at demonstrations, for example.
So that there are no arguments.
The opposite of de-escalation is: escalation The word de-escalation is a noun.
De-escalation means: to prevent a dispute from happening in the first place.
De-fenestration is Latin and means “down-window”.
There used to be a lot of defenestrations.
In the Middle Ages, for example.
The 1st Defenestration of Prague is very well known.
When defenestration happens on purpose, it is violence.
For example through murder.
When defenestration happens by mistake, it is often an accident.
For example, due to a fall.
Defenestration means someone falls out of a window.
A defenestration can happen accidentally.
Or happen on purpose.
For example, when someone throws another person out of a window.
The word definite is an adjective.
Something is definite when it can no longer be changed.
In deflation, there are too many goods.
People do not buy the goods.
This means that supply is greater than demand.
Companies want to sell their goods.
That's why they sell their goods cheaper.
The opposite of deflation is inflation.
Deflation means that all goods suddenly cost less money.
For example: If you have to pay less money for milk than last year.
A cleavage can be erotic.
Because you can see a lot of skin.
And part of the breast.
A cleavage goes from a woman's neck to her breasts.
You can see a lot of skin between the neck and the end of the outer garments.
In Germany, a decree is usually a decree.
This means that the executive makes a rule for the people in the country.
A decree is a decision.
For example with a rule.
Or an ordinance.
Or a law.
An authority can make a decree.
Or a government can make a decree.
In dolphin swimming, the athlete moves both arms at the same time.
Both arms are moved forward over the head into the water.
Legs and feet are moved at the same time.
Up and down.
Dolphin swimming Because dolphin swimming looks like a butterfly, it is also known as butterfly swimming.
Dolphin swimming is a special type of swimming.
A denial is connected with: the right news This means: the wrong news is changed (told correctly).
The word denial is a noun.
The verb is: to deny Example: Karin denies the news that she has a new dog.
Karin says that the news is not true.
She doesn't have a new dog.
A denial says: that the news is false
In dementia, a part of the brain functions poorly.
It gets worse and worse.
Mostly older people get dementia.
Sometimes younger people also get dementia.
But this is very rare.
People with dementia forget things.
For example, people forget - where they are at the moment
For example, people forget - what they have just done
People forget, for example: - what they wanted to do
Sometimes people also forget their own name.
And have difficulty recognizing other people.
For example, their own children.
People with dementia have difficulty learning.
Or not at all.
Sometimes people with dementia always say the same thing.
Or they tell things from their childhood.
There is still no cure for dementia.
Dementia usually gets worse.
Some medications help with dementia.
So that the dementia only gets worse slowly.
There are different types of dementia.
One type of dementia is called Alzheimer's.
Alzheimer's is the name of a doctor.
The doctor did research into dementia.
Many people have dementia.
For example: - In Germany, 1.7 million people have dementia.
- In Austria, 130 thousand people have dementia.
- In Switzerland, 128 thousand people have dementia.
Dementia is a disease.
In dementia, the brain is sick.
People with dementia forget more and more things.
People with dementia can remember less and less.
The period from the 8th century BC to 146 BC was a special time in Greece.
Some people refer to this period as Ancient Greece.
During this time, people told each other certain stories.
Some call these stories: Greek myths or Greek mythology Greek myths are about heroes and gods.
One of these goddesses is Demeter.
Demeter is one of 12 Greek gods.
Demeter is the sister of: - Zeus
Demeter is the sister of: - Hades
Demeter is the sister of - Hestia
Demeter is the sister of: - Poseidon and
Demeter is the sister of: - Hera
Demeter has a son with Iasion.
The son is called Plutos.
Demeter has a son, Areion, with Poseidon.
Demeter has a daughter with Zeus.
The daughter is called Persephone.
Demeter is the name of a Greek goddess.
Demeter is the mother goddess of Olympus.
Demeter is responsible for - the fertility of the earth
Demeter is responsible for: - Cereals and
In Roman mythology, her name is Ceres.
Germany lost the First World War in 1918.
A treaty was later negotiated.
The treaty was called the Treaty of Versailles.
One of the points in the treaty was demilitarization.
The military and compulsory military service were abolishe
Adolf Hitler came to power in 1933.
He abrogated the Treaty of Versailles.
He reintroduced the Wehrmacht.
In 1945, Germany lost the Second World War.
The Potsdam Conference discussed what should happen to Germany.
Among other things, the army in Germany was abolished.
There was a fear that a world war could break out again.
Demilitarization refers to the elimination of an army.
An example of how demographic research is carried out.
Various things are counted in a country.
Everything that has happened in a year.
- How many people were born
- How many people have died
- How many people arrived in the country
- How many people have emigrated
Demography can also be written like this: Demography
Demography is a science.
Demography researches population groups.
And how population groups develop.
The word demography is Greek.
In German, demography means: description of the people.
An EBook Reader is good for reading books.
You can store many books on it.
EBook Reader is pronounced like this: i Buck Rieder
eCall is an abbreviation for emergency call.
emergency call is an English word.
In German, emergency call means: emergency call.
This is how eCall is pronounced: ieh koll eCall consists of various technologies.
This technology is included in eCall: - GPS: A GPS module can tell you where you are.
Just like the GPS in the module in the navigation system.
- GSM: GSM is cell phone technology.
The GSM module sends data to the ambulance.
More precisely: To the rescue control center.
- Microphone and loudspeaker: So that you can talk to the rescue control center.
- Motion sensor: The sensor is designed to determine whether an accident has occurred.
There is still a lot of talk about the technology.
For example: What data should be sent to the ambulance.
GPS data is sufficient for the ambulance to find the location of the accident.
But eCall can also send more data.
For example: - How fast the car was driving before the accident
For example - how many people are in the car
For example: - are the people wearing seat belts
There is a law for eCall.
The law says: eCall must be installed in new cars.
Some say eCall is a good technology.
For example: - A driver has an accident.
He has no cell phone with him.
Then eCall helps him.
- or someone is seriously injured and can no longer make a call themselves
- or you don't know exactly where you are.
eCall tells the ambulance where the accident happened - the European Union has done the math.
With eCall, 2500 fewer people die each year.
Some say eCall is bad technology.
For example: - Drivers should decide for themselves whether they want to have eCall in their car
For example: - eCall cannot be switched off
For example: - eCall data is insecure
For example: - the driver should be the boss of his eCall data
For example: - eCall helps companies.
The companies want to earn more money.
Cell phone companies can sell more GSM technology Cell phone network companies can sell more SIM cards Insurance companies want the eCall data.
They want to see how people drive - the eCall technology can also be used for other things
you can take the eCall data and charge tolls
the police can take the eCall data and see who is speeding
eCall is the name of a specific technology.
The technology can be installed in a car.
The technology is designed to help in the event of an accident.
The technology then calls the ambulance automatically.
And the technology says where the accident happened.
The word echauffieren is a verb.
To echauffieren means to “get upset”.
The intelligence services of 5 countries used Echelon (Another word for intelligence service is secret service) Exactly these countries and secret services are: - National Security Agency (USA),
The intelligence services of 5 countries used Echelon (Another word for intelligence service is secret service) Exactly these countries and secret services: - Government Communications Headquarters (UK),
The intelligence services of 5 countries used Echelon (Another word for intelligence service is secret service) Exactly these countries and secret services: - Communications Security Establishment Canada (Canada),
The intelligence services of 5 countries used Echelon (Another word for intelligence service is secret service) Exactly these countries and intelligence services: - Defense Signals Directorate (Australia)
The intelligence services of 5 countries used Echelon (Another word for intelligence service is secret service) Exactly these countries and secret services: - Government Communications Security Bureau (New Zealand)
The Echelon espionage network goes around the world.
Everything that is transmitted via satellite is intercepted.
For example, telephone calls and internet data.
Echelon technology is also used in Germany.
For example, this eavesdropping technology was used in Bad Aibling, Bavaria.
The secret services and the governments of the five countries didn't say anything for a long time.
Or they lied.
They said Echelon didn't exist.
Since 2002, everyone has known that Echelon exists.
Echelon has probably been around since 1970. The data intercepted is intended to catch terrorists and drug dealers.
Echelon is also used for industrial espionage.
This means that information is stolen from companies.
This information is then passed on to other companies.
Governments and secret services also use Echelon to circumvent laws.
For example, the secret service in the USA is not allowed to spy on citizens.
This is done by the secret service in Great Britain.
It then passes the data on to the US secret service. The secret service of the USA gives the collected data of the citizens of Great Britain to the secret service of Great Britain.
The intelligence services also used this trick with other eavesdropping techniques.
For example with PRISM and Tempora
Echelon is the name of a spy network.
The spy network is used to monitor satellites.
This means that everything that is done via satellite is intercepted by the intelligence service
Zum Beispiel für Telefongespräche und Internetdaten.
Die Echelon-Technologie wird auch in Deutschland eingesetzt.
Diese Abhörtechnik wurde zum Beispiel in Bad Aibling, Bayern, eingesetzt.
Die Geheimdienste und die Regierungen der fünf Länder haben lange Zeit nichts gesagt.
Oder sie haben gelogen.
Sie sagten, Echelon gäbe es nicht.
Seit 2002 weiß jeder, dass es Echelon gibt.
Echelon gibt es wahrscheinlich schon seit 1970. Die abgefangenen Daten dienen dazu, Terroristen und Drogenhändler zu fangen.
Echelon wird auch für Wirtschaftsspionage eingesetzt.
Das bedeutet, dass Informationen aus Unternehmen gestohlen werden.
Diese Informationen werden dann an andere Unternehmen weitergegeben.
Auch Regierungen und Geheimdienste nutzen Echelon, um Gesetze zu umgehen.
So ist es dem Geheimdienst in den USA beispielsweise nicht gestattet, die Bürger auszuspionieren.
Das macht der Geheimdienst in Großbritannien.
Dieser gibt die Daten dann an den US-Geheimdienst weiter. Der Geheimdienst der USA gibt die gesammelten Daten der Bürger Großbritanniens an den Geheimdienst Großbritanniens weiter.
Diesen Trick haben die Geheimdienste auch bei anderen Abhörtechniken angewendet.
Zum Beispiel bei PRISM und Tempora
Echelon ist die Bezeichnung für ein Spionagenetz.
Das Spionagenetz wird zur Überwachung von Satelliten eingesetzt.
Das bedeutet, dass alles, was über einen Satelliten geschieht, vom Geheimdienst abgefangen wird.
clown fish lay eggs.
the female lays about 500 eggs.
usually at the base of the anemone.
then the male takes care of the eggs.
young fish then hatch from the eggs.
the young fish are all males.
some later become females.
anemone fish usually live as a pair in an anemone.
Or in a harem.
This means that several male fish live together with one female.
If the female dies, a male from the group becomes the female.
The clownfish lives in the sea.
For example in the Great Barrier Reef.
The clownfish has a bright orange color.
There are 3 white stripes on the orange.
The stripes have a black border.
The Eco-Marathon is a car race.
The car that uses the least energy (e.g. gasoline) wins.
Edgar Allan Poe was born on January 19, 1809.
In Boston, Massachusetts, USA. He dies on October 7, 1849, in Baltimore, Maryland, USA. Poe has a great influence on later writers.
Edgar Allan Poe writes above all: - Short stories
Edgar Allan Poe writes mainly: - detective stories
Edgar Allan Poe wrote mainly: - Horror and horror stories
Poe's stories influenced Jules Verne.
Verne is one of the first science fiction writers.
Poe also had a great influence on Charles Baudelaire.
Baudelaire uses Poe's poetry in lectures.
And thus creates the basis of: Symbolism Modern Poetry
Edgar Allan Poe was a writer.
He wrote horror stories.
Edward Snowden was born on June 21, 1983 in Elizabeth City, USA.
Edward Snowden has an older sister.
He studied computer science at Anne Arundel Community College in Maryland.
He did not finish his studies.
He then worked as a computer technician for secret services.
For example, in Japan on an American military base.
While working for the intelligence services, he saw the PRISM and Tempora intelligence programs.
Edward Snowden is of the opinion that PRISM and Tempora are not legitimate.
In other words, he believes that the intelligence services do not comply with the law.
That's why he told the newspaper about PRISM and Tempora.
He told a journalist.
The journalist's name is Glenn Greenwald Glenn Greenwald works for the Guardian newspaper Edward Snowden said: “I don't want to live in a world where everything I do and say is recorded.
That's not something I want to support or live in.”
Edward Snowden is a computer systems administrator.
He has worked for the CIA and NSA intelligence agencies.
He is also a whistleblower.
Someone who thinks egalitarianism is good is egalitarian.
A very famous one was Rousseau.
It is also a political idea.
An idea of how people can live together.
People can live together in an egalitarian society.
Everyone should be treated equally.
And everyone should have the same opportunities.
Egalitarianism is when you believe in equality.
For example, that everyone has the same opportunities.
And that everyone is treated equally.
The man who hijacked the plane is called Saif a-Din Mustafa.
He comes from the country of Egypt.
He forced the pilot to land the plane in Cyprus.
And he took all the people on the plane hostage.
In other words, he held them captive on the plane.
He held 64 people hostage on the plane.
The man threatened the people on the plane that he would blow himself up with an explosive belt.
After a while, he released the people on the plane.
The people on the plane got off.
Saif a-Din Mustafa gave up and surrendered.
The police arrested him.
It is not known exactly what Saif a-Din Mustafa wants to achieve.
Some news reports say he wanted to speak to his ex-wife and is ill.
Egypt Air flight 181 was a special flight with an airplane.
The flight was in Egypt on March 29, 2016.
The plane was supposed to fly from the city of Alexandria to the city of Cairo.
During the flight, the plane was hijacked.
A man hijacked the plane.
He held the people on the plane.
And he forced the pilot to land the plane.
A tax is money.
Citizens in a country pay money to their country.
The money is used to pay for various things.
For example: - Roads
For example: - Police officers
For example: - Teachers
For example: - Schools
For example: - Hospitals
For example: - Military and weapons
There are different tax rules in Germany.
This means that citizens pay different amounts of tax.
Those who earn more money should pay more tax.
Those who earn less money should pay less tax.
Spousal splitting is for people who live together.
For example, a woman and a man who have married.
Or who have a registered civil partnership.
This means that the rule also applies to gay and lesbian couples.
Example of the spousal tax splitting rule.
A man and a woman have married.
The man earns little money.
The woman earns a lot of money.
Both have to pay tax.
With spousal splitting, the money earned by the husband and wife is added together.
The result is halved.
Now everyone has to pay tax on this half.
This rule is unfair.
Married people can save taxes with this rule.
Other couples have to pay tax as normal.
The word splitting is an English word.
The word to split means to divide.
There are various tax rules in Germany.
One rule is called: Ehe-gatten-splitting
There are rules for marriage.
There are rules from the state.
You may only live in one (1) marriage.
Several marriages at once are prohibited in Germany.
Some also make their own rules.
They make a marriage contract.
In polygamy, the man is allowed to have several wives.
And in the case of polyandry, the woman may have several husbands.
All the rules are in marriage law.
And there are rules from religions.
For example, that marriage is valid for life.
These rules are found in the Bible, for example.
Or in the Koran.
There are also rules that come from society.
For example, that you have a better status.
Marriage between a man and a woman is monogamy.
The man is called husband.
And the woman is called a wife.
Both together are called husband and wife.
Two (2) men can also make a marriage.
And (2) two women can do the same.
In some countries this is allowed.
It is a same-sex marriage.
You often have a celebration after the marriage.
You have a wedding celebration after the marriage.
You have many rights in marriage.
And you have duties.
You can visit your spouse in hospital.
Or in prison.
You can decide things for your spouse.
But only if the spouse can't do it themselves.
You have to help pay your spouse's debts.
There are many reasons why people get married.
They want to have a family.
Or they want to pass on money to their spouse.
Or they want everyone to know about the marriage.
Or they want to have a different citizenship.
Marriage is a life partnership.
A life partnership of 2 people.
2 people promise each other that they will stay together forever.
And that they will always be there for each other.
Another word for this is marriage.
Some people give each other a wedding ring.
As a sign of marriage.
An honorary citizen receives an honorary citizenship certificate.
An honorary citizen often has advantages as a result of the award.
For example, they are always given free tickets to the cinema or theater.
Or an honorary citizen can ride the streetcar for free.
You can become an honorary citizen even after your death.
And the award can be taken away again.
An honorary citizen is a person who has received special praise.
For example, because the person has done good things.
The praise is given by a city or municipality.
The city or municipality gives the person an award.
The award is also called an honorary citizenship.
If the award comes from a school, it is called honorary citizenship.
The word ambition comes from the words honor and greed.
Ambition is an addiction to recognition.
This recognition is intended to make the ambitious person stand out from his or her peers.
An ambitious person seeks applause.
Applause is his reward.
His fellow human beings should admire him.
100 thousand people live in Eichsfeld.
Many Catholic Christians live here.
Pope Benedict was in Eichsfeld in 2011.
There are many churches, castles and palaces.
And there are many forests and mountains.
The Feldgieker sausage is also famous.
This sausage is only available in Eichsfeld.
Eichsfeld is a region in the middle of Germany.
The largest towns in Eichsfeld are Heilbad Heiligenstadt Duderstadt Leinefelde-Worbis
An oath is a promise.
Doctors used to take an oath.
For example, that they would help sick people.
They have to promise this.
This oath is called the “Oath of Hippocrates”.
The opposite of oath is “perjury”.
The word oath is a noun.
An oath is a big promise.
You undertake to tell the truth.
Or to do something specific.
The egg label is a number on an egg. The number shows 1. how the hen lived, for example on an organic farm or outdoors or in a barn 2. in which country the hen lived and 3. with which farmer the hen lived.
The egg marking is a number on an egg.
For egg-laying wool-milk-sow there is a picture image.
An image of an animal that does not exist.
In this picture there is - a chicken that lays eggs
This picture shows: - a sheep that gives wool
This picture shows: - a cow that gives milk
In this picture there is: - a pig that gives meat
Egg-laying wool-milk-sow is a figure of speech.
An egg-laying sow is not an animal.
Egg-laying wool-milk-sow is said when someone can do everything.
Or everything is only good (and there is nothing bad).
For example, when - something is only good
For example, if: - it only has advantages
For example if: - everything is positive
For example, if: - it has no disadvantages
For example if: - someone can do everything
An egg is boiled.
So that it becomes hard.
And so that it tastes better.
And to make it warm.
The warm egg is placed in an egg warmer.
So that the egg stays warm for longer.
Egg warmers are made of fabric.
Or made of plastic.
There are egg warmers for several eggs.
These are containers for keeping eggs warm.
Egg warmers have been around since the 16th century.
An egg warmer is a cover for an egg. You put an egg in it.
And you put a lid on it.
So that the egg stays warm.
Jealousy is fear.
The fear of being abandoned.
That's why jealousy is also a fear of loss.
This fear can trigger sadness and anger.
And thoughts of revenge arise.
It often leads to acts of violence.
Jealousy causes offense.
This offense can trigger a feeling of inferiority.
For example: Tom is jealous.
He sees Susi giving Peter a kiss.
Tom is afraid that if Susi goes away with Peter, he will be alone.
He likes Susi.
But now Susi loves Peter.
Tom gets sad and angry.
He doesn't want to put up with it.
He thinks about it: How he can get back at Susi and Peter.
Tom feels bad.
He feels hurt in his pride.
Jealousy can occur in thoughts and feelings.
When you are jealous, you are insecure.
You are afraid and worried.
Because you lose possessions.
Or even security.
The French Revolution took place in 1789.
In 1889 was the centenary of the French Revolution.
France wanted a tower to celebrate.
France said: Gustave Eiffel should build the tower.
He was also involved in the construction of the Statue of Liberty.
In 1887, workers started to build the Eiffel Tower.
They were finished in 1889.
Between 80 and 250 workers worked on the tower.
One worker died in the process.
The plan was.
The tower was to be dismantled after 20 years.
But the tower was also practical.
The tower is also a radio broadcasting tower.
And people got used to the tower.
People wanted to keep the tower.
Many people come to the Eiffel Tower every year.
About 6 million every year.
The Eiffel Tower is a truss tower made of iron.
The tower is located in Paris, France.
The tower is the symbol of Paris.
It is 324 meters high, and has 1700 steps.
If you own property, you are the owner.
Property is protected.
That is written in the constitution.
Property is something that belongs to you.
For example, a bicycle.
You alone can decide what to do with it.
With self-determination, you also have personal responsibility.
You have to accept the consequences yourself.
For what you do.
Self-responsibility means that you are responsible for everything you do and for the consequences.
Self-responsibility means: you are responsible - for everything you don't do
Drawing a line is a figure of speech.
And it comes from Germany.
Perhaps this saying comes from accounting.
Because when an accountant draws a horizontal line under an account, he closes an account.
Drawing a line is a figure of speech.
If you draw a line under something, then you close something.
For example, a conversation.
Difficult foreign words are explained in simple language.
There are no precise rules for plain language.
Plain language is important for many people.
Many people can understand texts using plain language.
For example, people who are learning German.
Texts in plain language help with reading.
In plain language, sentences can have up to 15 words.
This means that the sentences can be longer than in plain language.
Simple Language means speaking and writing in a way that many people can understand.
Simple Language is similar to Easy Language.
Simple Language is more difficult than Easy Language.
Simple language also uses difficult words.
A simple life is the opposite of: Abundant life.
People who live a simple life don't want to own so many things.
And don't buy so many things.
They say: Consumerism.
People look closely at what they buy.
They observe themselves in their purchasing behavior.
And ask themselves questions about it.
A simple life is a life without having many things.
And without buying many things.
The word simple-minded is an adjective.
Simple-minded is someone who is not particularly clever.
A proverb says: Empathy is seeing with the eyes of others.
To hear with the ears of others.
To feel with the heart of others
Input and output are words.
They are used in computer terminology.
The input is what is done.
The output is the result.
The settling-in period is the beginning in kindergarten.
Parents and teachers make a plan together for the settling-in period.
At the beginning, the child is in kindergarten with mom or dad.
Later, the child stays alone for 2 or 3 hours.
After a few weeks, the child stays in the kindergarten all alone and comes every day.
- If you need help, you have to get it.
This can be money. - Integration assistance is available if you are ill
This can be money. - Integration assistance is available for participation in working life
This can be money. - Integration assistance is available for participation in life in the community.
This can be money. - Sometimes integration assistance is also available as a voucher.
Income from property means: You have something.
Example: You have money.
You put your money in the bank.
This means: You have your money in a bank account.
You receive money from the bank.
Because you give the bank your money.
You get money from the bank.
The money is called interest.
Example: You have a house.
The house is yours.
You say: I live in another town.
That's why people can live in my house.
You let people live in your house.
In return, people give you money.
The money is called rent.
The people are tenants.
Income means: you get money.
Income from property means: you already have something.
And you get money for it.
If you work, you get money.
You can say income to this money.
Example: Marco works in a car repair shop.
Marco has an income from his work.
Types of income are, for example - Income from self-employment
Types of income are, for example - Income from non-self-employment
Types of income include, for example - Income from property
Types of income are for example - Transfer income
Types of income are for example - Mini-job
Income is a noun.
Income means: You get money.
The opposite of an invitation is an uninvitation.
An invitation is when you want someone to come and visit you.
For example, an invitation to a birthday party.
You can give an invitation verbally.
Or you can write it.
There are one-person packs for soldiers.
In the Bundeswehr.
They used to be called one-man packs.
Even earlier it was called an iron ration.
One-person packs have a very long shelf life.
In other countries, this is what one-person packs are called: - USA: Meal, Ready-to-Eat
In other countries, one-person packs are called this: - Sweden: Grönpåse
A one-person pack is food and drink.
It allows you to eat and drink for 1 day.
A one-person pack usually has - no brake
A unicycle usually has: - no handlebars
Most unicycles have: - no gears
Most of the time, a unicycle has - no wheel chain
Some artists in the circus ride a unicycle.
There are also different types of unicycle sports.
For example: - Unicycle field hockey
For example: - Unicycle basketball
A unicycle is a bicycle.
The unicycle has only 1 wheel.
The saddle is directly above the wheel.
The pedals are directly on the wheel.
The number one (1) is an odd number.
And it is a square number.
And it is a cube number.
School grades are numbers.
In Germany, one (1) means that you have done something very well.
And in Switzerland, one (1) means that you did something very badly.
One is a clock time.
For example, three-ten o'clock.
One is a number.
It comes between zero and two.
0 1 2 Zero One Two The number is one (1) is important.
You can calculate with it.
And you can use it to describe things.
For example, in computer language.
In computer language, one (1) means switch on.
Or it means correct.
One (1) can be written as a character.
You can write one (1) out.
You can show one (1) with a hand sign.
The ball is called: Headisball It may only be played with the head.
The table top is a: Table tennis table The table top may be touched with the whole body.
However, 1 part of the body must be on the floor after the head butt.
This means that you may not remain lying on the table.
Two games are played.
You have to score 11 points in each game to win.
Whoever wins 2 games is the winner.
Header table tennis is a sport.
Two people play against each other with a ball on a table.
The ball must be kicked to the other side of the table.
The ball may only be touched with the head.
Bounty is a reward.
For killing someone.
Or for finding someone.
Bounty is given for criminals.
Or for a missing person.
Someone who looks for people for money is a bounty hunter.
Bounty is money.
You get it when you find a person.
A person who is wanted by many.
For example, a person who has committed a crime.
Or a person who has escaped from prison.
Lettuce is a plant.
Lettuce probably comes from the wild lettuce.
Wild lettuce is a steppe plant.
Wild lettuce grows in southern Europe and the Near East.
Lettuce can be grown outdoors.
But also in the greenhouse.
Lettuce can live for 1 to 2 years.
Lettuce is sensitive.
That is why it must not be pressed.
Lettuce can only be stored for a few days.
For example: If the temperature is 0 degrees Celsius, lettuce can be stored for 8 to 12 days.
Lettuce can be made into a leaf salad.
Lettuce contains many minerals and vitamins.
Lettuce consists of 95 percent water.
Lettuce is a vegetable.
The leaves of lettuce can be eaten.
Coprolalia can be compulsive.
People with coprolalia cannot control their words.
The words about feces are pronounced without the person wanting to.
Coprolalia is a Greek word.
- kopros (κόπρος) = feces
- lalia/lalo (λαλώ) = speech/talking
Coprolalia is very often associated with Tourette's syndrome.
Coprolalia can help: - Medication
Can help against coprolalia: - Autogenic training
Can help against coprolalia: - Biofeedback
Can help against coprolalia: - Psychotherapy
Coprolalia is when someone pronounces words.
The words are pronounced one after the other.
The words are on the subject: - Feces
The Koran was first written in Arabic.
It is written like this in Arabic: Quran.
In Turkish it is written like this: Kuran.
Today, the Quran is available in many languages.
The Quran has 114 chapters.
The chapters in the Quran are called suras.
The Quran is the holy scripture in Islam.
Things that are important in a religion are called sacred.
Islam is a religion.
Many people say that the Koran is to Muslims as the Bible is to Christians.
The dispute between the two countries is a very big conflict.
The Korean conflict has been going on for a very long time.
It started in 1945.
Before that, South Korea and North Korea were one (1) country.
The biggest conflict started in 1950.
The Korean War started in June 1950.
North Korea and South Korea were fighting over 2 big things.
They were fighting over an island in Korea.
North Korea and South Korea are fighting over who owns the island.
And they are fighting over North Korea's nuclear program.
South Korea wants to ban North Korea's nuclear program.
They are afraid that North Korea is building nuclear weapons.
Many politicians want there to be sanctions against North Korea.
There are many different opinions on the dispute between North Korea and South Korea.
Both countries are supported by other countries.
China supports North Korea.
And in the past, the Soviet Union also supported North Korea.
South Korea is supported by America.
Talks have been taking place since 2018.
Politicians from South Korea and politicians from North Korea talk to each other.
And athletes from North Korea take part in the Olympic Games in South Korea.
Kim Jong-un wants more talks with South Korea again.
The Korean conflict is a major dispute between two (2) countries.
The dispute is between the country of North Korea and the country of South Korea.
The two countries are fighting over an island in Korea.
And they are fighting over nuclear weapons from North Korea.
And both countries have many different political opinions.
For example, on the subject of human rights
In body painting, the body is shaped.
It is painted with color.
For example, with a picture of a flower.
The color disappears after a while.
For example by washing it off.
A tattoo cannot be washed off.
Henna dye lasts a very long time.
For up to a month.
Painting the body has been around for a very long time.
In the past, people used earth paint for this.
People used sticks as brushes.
There was animal hair on the sticks.
Or they used their hands to paint.
Body painting was very important to the Indians.
So that others could see who was the boss.
Or who was successful.
They used different colors for this.
For example: The color red says: I am successful.
The color blue says: I have difficulties.
People in the past also used body paint as war paint.
Body paint is paint on the skin.
The body is painted with color.
For example, the face of a clown.
Or the breast of a woman.
A small child has little body weight.
And an adult has more body weight.
Underweight is when you have far too little body weight.
It is unhealthy.
Overweight is when you have too much body weight.
It is unhealthy.
You can work out what a good body weight is.
With the Body Mass Index.
Body weight is how heavy you are.
It is expressed in kilogram-kilograms.
If you are heavy, you have a lot of body weight.
If you are light, you have a low body weight.
On May 27, 2015, there was a house search at FIFA.
And on the same day, 7 employees were arrested by the police.
That was in Switzerland.
In the city of Zurich.
These people were arrested: - Eugenio Figueredo
These people were arrested: - Eduardo Li
These people have been arrested: - Julio Rocha
These people have been arrested: - Costas Takkas
These people have been arrested: - José Maria Marin
These people have been arrested: - Rafael Esquivel
These people have been arrested: - Jeffrey Webb
FIFA is said to have taken a lot of money.
Over 100 million euros.
Although FIFA was not allowed to take the money.
For example, they took money for the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
Many people say: there is corruption in FIFA. That means: FIFA does things that are forbidden.
For example: they keep money that belongs to others.
Or: they launder money from illegal businesses.
Example 1: A criminal gives money to a judge.
So that the judge lies.
The judge says the criminal is innocent.
The judge is corrupt.
Example 2: A politician collects money for a good cause.
However, he does not give this money to the good cause.
He buys his own house with it.
He has defrauded the people who donated money.
This politician is then corrupt.
Corruption is forbidden.
Corruption is punished in Germany
Corruption is a Latin word.
It translates as “corruptibility”.
Corruption means: a person has a profession that is trusted by many people.
Or a person can make important decisions in their office.
The person uses the job.
Or the office to gain advantages.
In doing so, he harms others.
A corset is supposed to make the body look different.
You put on a corset because it looks nice.
Or because it is good for your health.
For example, if you have a crooked back.
A corset is an item of clothing.
A corset is very tight and gives the body a different shape.
The word luminary is a noun.
Bill Gates is particularly knowledgeable about computers.
That is why he is a computer luminary.
A luminary is a person who is particularly knowledgeable about something.
It is another word for “expert”.
In a term of endearment, letters are added to a name.
Example: lein Maria = Marialein
A term of endearment is a short word for a name.
Cosmo-politis-mus is a view of the world.
It means how you see the world.
Or how you like the world to be.
Or how the world should be.
Anyone who believes in cosmopolitanism is cosmopolitan.
A woman is a cosmopolitan.
Or a citizen of the world.
A man is a cosmopolitan.
Or a citizen of the world.
When several people join together as global citizens, they form a global citizens' movement.
The opposite of cosmopolitanism is nationalism.
Cosmopolitanism is when you have the whole world as your home.
The same people live in every part of the world.
And you feel at home everywhere.
A knot of strength is a tool.
This means that health insurance must pay for the powerbelt.
Some wheelchairs have powerbuttons.
You can secure a wheelchair in a car with a safety knot.
Strength training is done in body-building, for example.
Or in weight training.
You can do strength training with equipment.
With dumbbells, for example.
Or you can use your own body weight.
You do repetitions of the exercises.
You do the same movement one after the other.
Without a break in between.
You do sets of exercises.
These are repetitions and a break.
For example, 2 sets.
The same movement 10 times.
Then a break.
Then the same movement 10 times again.
And then a break.
In strength training, you do the movements slowly.
So that you do the movement correctly.
Fast and incorrect movements can cause sports injuries.
Warm up your muscles before strength training.
So that you injure yourself less.
During strength training, you make movements with your body.
You can get stronger with it.
And you can get more muscle.
Squats are a well-known exercise.
You can become a member of a health insurance fund.
Members have to pay money.
If you have little money, you have to pay less.
If you have more money, you have to pay more.
There is a law.
The law says what the health insurance fund has to pay.
The health insurance fund pays the member's bills.
For example, the health insurance fund pays for - the doctor
For example, the health insurance fund pays for - the dentist
The health insurance fund pays, for example, for - for the hospital
The health insurance pays for example for - Medication
The health insurance company pays, for example, for - therapy
The health insurance company pays, for example, for - rehabilitation
The health insurance fund pays, for example, for - glasses
Sometimes members have to pay extra money.
In Germany, people call this money Eigen-anteil.
In Switzerland, people call the money a franchise.
Members receive a health insurance card.
In Germany there is the electronic health card.
The electronic health card has been available since 2004. In Austria there is the e-card.
There are 2 health insurance companies in Germany: There is the GKV. And there is the PKV.
A health insurance company is a company.
More precisely: an insurance company.
The health insurance company helps people.
People have to be members of the health insurance company.
Then the health insurance company pays some bills.
For example, the doctor's bill.
It protects you when you are ill.
Or if you have an accident.
The short word for health insurance card is: KVK. The KVK has been around since 1995 and has been slowly being abolished since 2012.
Various data is stored on the KVK.
For example: - Which health insurance company the card is from
For example: - First name
For example: - Family name
For example: - Date of birth
For example: - Address
You can go to the doctor with the KVK.
The doctor can read the data on the card.
The doctor can then send the bill to the health insurance company.
The KVK is to be abolished.
Then there will be another chip card.
The electronic health card.
More data can be stored on this card.
The health insurance card is a chip card.
This card is available in Germany.
People in Germany receive the card from their health insurance company.
There is a similar card in Austria.
In Austria the card is called: e-card
If you are ill, you might go to the doctor.
You give the doctor your health insurance card and the doctor treats you.
You don't have to pay anything for the treatment.
Your health insurance pays for the treatment.
If you go to work, two people pay for your health insurance: your boss and you.
Your boss pays half of the money for your health insurance.
You pay the other half of the money for your health insurance.
Health insurance is a form of protection.
It is insurance against being ill.
If you are ill, a health insurance company pays the doctor.
Or the health insurance company pays the hospital.
You can also call health insurance a health insurance fund.
When you are ill, parts of your body function badly.
Or the mind functions badly.
An illness can be caused by many things.
For example, because of bad food.
Or because of unclean water.
Or through viruses.
Working can also be unhealthy.
And make you ill.
Illnesses can be treated with medication.
For example, in the case of an infection with antibiotics.
Or with an operation.
A person who has an illness is called a sick person.
Someone who treats an illness is called a doctor.
Pathology experts study diseases.
The experts are pathologists.
Experts in epidemiology investigate why diseases exist.
The experts are epidemiologists.
Disease is something unhealthy.
Something bad happens in a person's body.
This can cause pain.
Or parts of the body function badly.
Or you can die.
Illness can also be in the mind.
Then there can be a mental disorder.
The word crass is often used by young people.
Example: Michael thinks the horror movie is gross.
Michael finds the horror movie extreme.
Michael thinks the horror movie is special.
Extreme is an adjective.
The opposite of crass is “average”, or “everyday”.
Crass is another word for special.
Ties are tied around the neck.
With a tie knot.
You can wear the tie with a shirt, for example.
There are ties made from different materials.
For example: - Leather
For example: - Hemp
For example: - Wood
For example: - Metal
For example: - Glass
There are ties in different colors.
In the past, it was mainly men who wore ties.
Today, some women also wear ties.
Ties are often worn here: - Private schools
Ties are often worn here: - Professions
Ties are often worn here: - formal occasions
A tie is a long piece of fabric.
A tie is tied around the neck.
People with a lot of creativity enjoy finding solutions to problems.
Creative people don't give up quickly.
They always start again.
Creative people develop new solutions to problems.
Creativity is a skill.
Being creative means having new ideas.
Creating is done with a carafe.
For example: Serving wine Pouring wine
When you serve wine, you pour something to drink into a glass.
Or offer someone something to drink.
I borrow money from the bank.
This is called getting a loan.
I have to pay the money back to the bank.
For example, I pay back part of it every month.
This is called a loan installment.
I also have to pay the bank something when it lends me money.
This is called interest on the loan.
A loan is a loan of money.
You usually have to pay interest on this money.
I can borrow money from the bank.
You say: I get a loan from the bank.
An independent city does not belong to a county.
It does all the work itself.
For example, building a hospital.
Or registering a car.
A brim is the outer edge of a hat.
This brim protects against rain or sun.
Example: Richard doesn't want to be recognized on the street.
The brim of his hat helps him to avoid being recognized.
Richard doesn't want to be recognized on the street.
The brim of his hat helps him not to be recognized.
A brim is the edge of a hat.
Wars are planned by politicians or people who lead a group.
Wars are thought to be the only way to solve a conflict.
In the past, wars were announced.
Nowadays there is no longer a declaration of war.
The aim is to conquer other countries or gain power.
The opponents are seen as enemies.
That's why you try to kill them.
Weapons of war are usually used in a war.
For example: - Guns
For example: - Tanks
For example: - Fighter planes
Wars often occur in countries that are led by dictators.
A dictator is a person who has sole power over a country.
Dictators are not interested in what the people think.
They intimidate them through war.
There are also wars that are only about valuable raw materials.
Commodities are, for example, gold or oil.
There are people who live in war zones who often suffer from war because their villages and towns are bombed.
There are several reasons for the end of a war: - One has too few soldiers
There are several reasons for the war to end: - the other side wins
There are several reasons for ending a war: - The UN orders countries to end wars.
War is a battle.
Different countries fight against each other.
Or different population groups fight each other.
The Crimean crisis is a crisis.
The groups that are fighting can't make up their minds.
They have different opinions about the island of Crimea.
The Crimean crisis is a big dispute.
The dispute is between different groups.
They are fighting over the island of Crimea.
The groups can't agree on who should rule the island.
And who owns the island.
The dispute is huge.
And the groups are fighting each other with weapons.
Because they have different opinions.
The dispute has been going on for a long time.
The dispute started on February 23, 2014.
A crisis can be big.
In a crisis, people have to help each other.
A crisis is a dangerous situation.
There are problems in a crisis.
And you have to make a decision.
Criteria narrow things down.
Example: I want a car.
My criteria: Criterion 1: It should be red.
Criterion 2: It should be fast.
I don't want any other cars.
Criteria is the plural of criterion.
Criteria are points that must be fulfilled.
A criterion is an important point for something.
Example: I want a car.
My criterion: The car should be red.
Then the criterion is the color “red”.
A criterion is a property.
The word cryptomnesia is often used in psychology.
In cryptomnesia, someone has an idea or information.
The person thinks that this information or idea is theirs.
In reality, however, the idea or information is from someone else.
A cryptocurrency is a medium of exchange.
It is a currency.
That means you can buy something with it.
Or you get the cryptocurrency when you sell something.
There are over 4000 different cryptocurrencies.
One very well-known cryptocurrency is bitcoin.
Every day, many people pay with a cryptocurrency.
They buy things with a cryptocurrency.
Or get cryptocurrency when they sell something.
Cryptocurrencies are digital.
That means they only exist in computer networks.
There is no bank that controls cryptocurrencies.
That's why you don't have to pay any fees to the bank.
If many people use a cryptocurrency, the cryptocurrency is worth a lot.
That means you get a lot for it.
If few people use a cryptocurrency, the cryptocurrency is worth little.
That means you get little for it.
The word crypto means secret.
Cryptocurrencies are encrypted.
Cryptocurrency is a kind of money.
You can buy something with it.
Cryptocurrencies work without banks.
Two people buy or sell something on their own.
Cryptocurrencies have no coins or bills.
They only exist in computer networks.
A kettle barbecue works with propane or charcoal.
A kettle grill has a round shape.
Like a ball.
You can grill indirectly with a kettle grill.
This means that the heat doesn't just come from below.
When the lid is on, the heat also comes from above.
This is how the food is cooked.
Similar to a convection oven.
George Stephen built the first kettle grill.
A kettle grill is a specific type of grill.
A kettle grill has a lid.
When you give goodwill, you do something voluntarily.
You don't have to do it.
People do this for various reasons.
For example, because you are generous.
The word goodwill is a noun.
Goodwill means doing something voluntarily.
So that you can take these things with you more easily.
For example - toothbrush
For example - sleeping mask
There are many things for health and cleanliness.
- Hygiene articles (list)
The word toiletry bag is a noun.
It has these 2 words: - Culture (for taking care of your own body, for example, washing)
It has these 2 words: - Bag (to put something in)
A toiletry bag is a small bag.
In a toiletry bag you put things for health and cleanliness.
For example: - Toothbrush
For example: - Washcloth
Nature is not part of culture.
Because nature was not invented or made by humans.
The word culture can mean a group of people who make something.
Or the word can mean all people.
You can't say exactly what culture is.
It has different meanings for different people.
And many people argue about what exactly culture is.
Every person who participates in culture changes and shows their identity.
Culture has an effect on how people think or what people do.
People learn from culture.
If they learn a lot and do a lot of culture, people are cultured.
People use culture to show where they belong.
For example, the clothes they wear.
They show which social group they belong to and what their opinions are.
Every era has different cultures.
This means that in the past there was a different culture to today.
And countries also have different cultures.
For example, what people in a country like to eat.
Cultivated plants can also be a culture.
Culture is everything that has been made by people.
And everything that has been invented by people.
Culture is also how people live together.
Culture can be, for example, language, laws or music.
Culture is everything made by people.
The Minister of Culture is the boss of all teachers.
The head of the Minister of Culture is the Prime Minister.
The plans set out what the children should learn.
Every federal state in Germany has its own Minister of Education and Cultural Affairs.
The Minister of Education and Cultural Affairs is part of the state government.
The Minister of Culture is there for everything to do with schools, sport, music, art and science.
There are different types of SIM cards.
The cards are different sizes.
The chip is always the same size.
It is gold in color.
When you buy a SIM card, you get a secret number with it.
The secret number is called: PIN, PIN number or PIN code
The SIM card is a chip card.
This chip is inserted into the cell phone.
The cell phone only works with a SIM card.
The SIM card is the telephone connection for the cell phone.
Example: The homework is simple.
The homework is simple.
simple is an adjective.
The opposite of simple is “difficult” or “hard”.
simple is another word for easy.
simple means that something is not difficult.
Example: Petra texts her boyfriend Richard.
Petra texts her boyfriend Richard. Texting is a verb.
To text means to write a text message.
Simultaneous chess is a chess game.
One (1) player plays alone against several players.
This type of chess game is called a simultaneous game.
The other players are called simultaneous opponents.
The single (1) player is very good at playing chess.
Because the individual (1) has to play against many.
And because the individual has less time.
Less time to think.
The single player goes to every chess board.
And makes a move on every chess board.
The individual player can choose the color of the pieces.
He can choose whether he wants white.
Or whether he wants black.
Many people play simultaneous chess to practise.
For example, chess masters.
Simultaneous chess is a chess game.
One (1) player plays against many others.
On Singles' Day, many people also buy things on the Internet.
It is the biggest internet shopping day in the world.
Singles' Day is on November 11 every year.
The day was invented in China.
The number 1 is a symbol for people who live alone.
Singles' Day is a day of action.
On Singles' Day, people who live alone celebrate.
They celebrate parties or karaoke.
They want to meet new people while celebrating.
Singular is another word for singular.
Singular is used for nouns.
Singular is only a noun of one kind.
An example of singular: a cat.
Singular is another word for singular.
The opposite of meaningless is “meaningful”.
The word senseless is an adjective.
senseless is another word for “meaningless”.
Something is meaningless if it has no meaning.
Dora is wondering whether her boyfriend is the right one.
The word ponder is a verb.
To ponder means to think about something.
It is also said “to ponder”.
The Siri program is available for: - iPhone
The Siri program is available for: - iPad
Siri is a voice control for the iPhone.
You can control your cell phone in various ways.
Usually you do this with your fingers.
With Siri, you can control your cell phone by voice.
Siri works on the iPhone 4S and iPhone 5. Siri can do these things: - Dial phone numbers
Siri works on the iPhone 4S and iPhone 5. Siri can do these things: - Enter appointments in the iPhone calendar
There are different cell phone operating systems.
Voice control is also available for other operating systems.
For example with Android.
On Android, the voice control is called Google Now.
Siri is a computer program.
You can talk to Siri.
A sit-in is a type of demonstration.
And sit-ins are non-violent.
Sit-ins have been around since the 1930s.
Workers invented sit-ins.
They used them to strike.
Until the conditions are met.
And students use sit-ins against racism.
They show that they think racism is bad.
A sit-in is an action.
You sit down on the ground.
And that blocks the street.
You want to achieve something with a sit-in.
And to show others your opinion on an issue.
The sitar is a plucked instrument.
The guitar is also a plucked instrument.
The sitar has 19 to 21 strings.
The body of the sitar is a dried gourd.
The sitar is particularly well known in India.
A sitar player is called: Sitarji A well-known sitar player was the Indian Ravi Shankar
The sitar is a musical instrument.
Sitcom is an English abbreviation.
Sitcom is the abbreviation for situation comedy.
A very well-known sitcom is Two and a Half Men.
The word sitcom is a noun.
Sitcom is another word for funny television program.
The Sitelen Pona picture-font-sign system is made for Toki Pona.
From the founder Sonja Lang.
In a pictographic character system, each character is a word.
Examples are the Han characters from: China Japan Korea Sitelen Pona has only 123 characters.
These are easy to learn.
And also use them.
With Chinese characters, you need to know more.
You need to know at least 1500 characters.
Most Sitelen Pona characters are easy to memorize.
For example: The lawa character for head: a head with a cap.
The waso character for bird: 2 eyes and a beak.
Sitelen Pona are picture characters from Toki Pona.
Sitelen Pona means: Simple writing.
Or also: good writing.
If you are curious about Mayan writing, then you can learn Sitelen with the help of Sitelen.
This is a guide to learning Mayan writing.
If you connect the syllable characters with each other, you form a word.
Sitelen Sitelen is a hieroglyphic script.
The model is Mayan writing.
And it is written in pictures.
Sitelen Sitelen can be used as a syllabic script.
Or as a logo-graphic font.
Sitelen Sitelen is based on the Toki Pona language.
And developed by Jonathan Gabel.
In sit-football, you sit on the floor.
You are not allowed to stand up.
Your hands must not touch the ball.
The players slide on the floor.
The goalkeeper can kneel.
Sitting soccer is a sport.
In sit-volley-ball, the players sit on the floor.
There are 2 teams.
Each team has 6 players.
There is one playing field.
The playing field has 2 halves.
Each team gets one half.
There is a net in the middle.
The ball must be played over this net.
The ball must not touch the ground.
The ball must always remain in the air.
The players try to shoot the ball onto the floor of the other team.
The torso must not touch the ground when playing.
The torso is the upper body.
The net is not as high as in volleyball.
The rules are the same as for volley-ball.
Each team may play the ball 3 times.
Then it must be played over the net.
There are several games in sitting volleyball.
These are the “winning sets”.
A winning set is won by the team that scores 25 points first.
There is always a break between the winning sets.
The break lasts 4 minutes.
The first team to win 3 winning sets is the winner.
Players on serve Sitz-volley-ball was invented in Holland.
It is a Paralympic summer sport.
Sit-volley-ball is a sport.
The chapel was built at the time of Pope Sixtus IV.
It takes its name from him.
The Sistine Chapel was consecrated on August 15, 1483.
Pictures are painted on the walls and ceiling.
The pictures are by different painters.
For example: - Sandro Botticelli
For example: - Pietro Perugino
For example: - Luca Signorelli
For example: - Michelangelo
The Sistine Chapel is a small church.
It is in the Vatican City.
The conclave is also in this chapel.
This is where the cardinals meet and elect the Pope.
Well-known examples: - Food scandal
Well-known examples: - Thalidomide scandal
Well-known examples: - Marconi scandal
Well-known examples: - ADAC scandal 2014
The opposite of scandal is “something insignificant”.
This means: nobody cares and nobody is annoyed.
The word scandal is a noun.
A scandal is something that a lot of people notice and that annoys a lot of people.
A skateboard is approximately - one meter long and
A skateboard is approximately - 30 centimeters wide
There are 4 wheels under the board.
You stand wide-legged on the board.
You can change direction while riding by shifting your balance.
A skateboard is a board with wheels.
You can ride a skateboard from one place to another.
And you can play with the skateboard.
The skateboard is also a piece of sports equipment.
There are also skateboard competitions.
Cross-country skiing often uses cross-country ski trails.
Cross-country skiing requires skis and poles.
Cross-country skiing has been part of the Winter Olympics since 1924.
Cross-country skiing is a sport.
Cross-country skiing is done in the snow.
You ski downhill or uphill.
Skis are attached to the feet.
A skirtini consists of 2 parts.
There is a bikini top for the upper body.
For the lower body there is a very short skirt.
Skirt is the English word for skirt.
The words skirt and bikini become: Skirtini.
A skirtini is a swimsuit for women.
A slave is dependent on his owner.
There have always been slaves in history.
For example, there were prisoners in wars.
The prisoners were made into slaves.
They then had to work for the conquerors.
The Spanish kidnapped over eight (8) million people from Africa and brought them to North America.
There they became slaves.
Slavery was abolished in the USA in 1865.
This was a result of the American Civil War.
The slaves throughout North America became free people.
The United Nations made a treaty in 1948.
The treaty is called the Convention on the Rights of Man. The treaty states that there must be no more slaves in the world.
Slaves still exist today.
Although the United Nations has banned it.
For example: The World Cup is to be held in Qatar in 2022.
Many soccer stadiums are to be built by then.
Some of the stadiums will be built by migrant workers.
These are workers who come from the country of Nepal.
Some of them have had their identity cards taken away.
And they are not paid for their work.
Some have not been given water.
44 workers from Nepal have already died.
There are different forms of slavery.
For example: - Forced labor
For example: - Human trafficking
For example: - Child labor
For example: - Forced prostitution
A slave is a human being.
This person belongs to another person.
Skriptkiddie consists of two words.
From the word script and kid.
Script refers to a text file.
This file contains computer commands.
When this file is started, the computer works independently.
Such a script can be started without much computer knowledge.
Writing the text in such a script requires good computer knowledge.
Kid is an English word.
It means: child or young person
A script kiddie is a person.
This refers to computer users who have little knowledge of computers.
These users do not know exactly how these programs work.
The Skullet hairstyle is very popular with the Crusties.
A scullet is a haircut.
The hair is long at the back.
And the top is bald.
Skype is an Internet telephony program.
With Skype you can make phone calls, chat and video calls.
Skype is a computer program.
You can use this computer program to make phone calls to others on the Internet.
You must not fall off the slackline.
A person who slacklines is called a “slackliner”.
Slagline is an English word.
In German, slagline means: slack line.
There are tricks on the slackline.
The tricks are called: “Tricklines”.
For example, jumping.
Sitting down on the slackline
Slackline is a sport.
With slackline, you walk across a tape.
The trampolines are there so that players can jump higher.
And to make it look interesting and exciting.
Especially with one thing: dunking.
Slamball is a sport.
In slamball, the ball has to go through a basket.
Just like basketball.
The special thing about slamball is that there are trampolines.
So that the players can jump higher.
The word slam can have different meanings.
Slam exists: - in basketball for slam-dunking
Slam exists: - a book presentation at a book slam
Slam exists: - at the poetry slam
Each team has 6 players.
One of them is the goalkeeper.
The players use a sledge to skate on the ice.
They have two sticks so that they can ride on the ice.
They can push off with these sticks.
They also use these sticks to hit the puck.
A puck is a rubber disk.
There is a goal on each side of the pitch.
The puck has to go into the other team's goal.
This scores one point.
Whoever has the most points wins the game.
A game lasts 3 times 15 minutes (45 minutes).
Time is stopped in the event of a foul.
Sledge ice hockey sleds Sledge ice hockey sticks Sledge ice hockey was invented in Sweden.
Sledge ice hockey is a sport.
Sledge ice hockey is played on ice.
Just like ice hockey.
Slogans are often used in advertising.
For example in television advertising.
The word slogan is a noun.
A slogan is a saying.
For example, a slogan from IKEA: “Are you still living or are you already living?”
Many people use small talk to get to know each other.
Or to avoid silence.
Small talk has two English words: - Small (means: small)
Small talk has two English words: - Talk (means: to converse)
The word small talk is a noun.
A small talk is a (short) conversation.
A conversation about things that are not (very) important.
For example, a conversation about the weather.
Difference in size between smartphone and tablet computer
A smartlet is a very large cell phone.
A smartlet has an intermediate size.
A size between smartphone and tablet computer.
Between because - the screen is larger than a cell phone
Between because: - and smaller than a tablet computer
Smartphone is an English word.
In German, smartphone means: smart phone.
Smartphone is pronounced like this: “Smart-phone”.
It is a phone you can take with you.
A battery powers the smartphone.
A smartphone usually has a touchscreen.
The word touchscreen is English.
Touchscreen means: a screen you can touch.
The touchscreen reacts immediately when you press it.
You can install different software.
Many people call the software an app.
The software is a program.
You can do many things in the program.
App is pronounced like this: “Äp”.
There are different operating systems for smartphones.
There is IOS from the Apple company. There is Android from Google.
Mozilla offers the Firefox OS operating system. The Linux operating system Ubuntu can also be installed on smartphones.
Examples of smartphones: - Blackberry
Examples of smartphones: - Fairphone
Examples of smartphones: - Google Nexus
Examples of smartphones: - Apple iPhone
Examples of smartphones: - Samsung Galaxy
Examples of smartphones: - Shiftphone
Examples of smartphones: - ZTE Open
A smartphone is a specific type of cell phone.
It can do more than a cell phone.
For example: It has a large screen.
You can install software on it.
You can use it to surf the Internet.
It's like a mini-computer for your pocket.
A smart watch is about the same size as a wristwatch.
A smart watch is a computer watch.
The smart watch can connect to the Internet.
You can write a text message with your cell phone.
The message can then be sent to another cell phone.
SMS is an English abbreviation.
“Short Message Service” means “short message” in German
A sneak preview movie is a very new movie.
The movie is shown for the first time at the sneak preview.
Only later can it be seen more often and in many cinemas.
Sneak preview films are usually not Hollywood films.
Sneak preview films have been around since the 1930s.
Some sneak preview films are free of charge.
They are “pay after” movies.
You only pay after the movie if you want to.
For example, if you liked the movie.
Sneak preview films are very often discussed in the movie theater.
Before the movie or after the movie.
Cineastes love to watch sneak preview films.
Because they are usually not Hollywood films.
And because sneak preview films are not released in cinemas until later.
At a sneak preview, you are the first to see the movie.
A sneak preview is a surprise movie.
With a sneak preview, you don't know in advance what kind of movie you're going to see.
This is French and means: stick.
The player aims the tip of the stick at a ball.
Then they hit it as if they wanted to impale the ball.
There are 7 different balls.
Each ball has a different color.
And there are different points when the ball is played into the hole.
These balls are available: Snooker is played alternately.
This means that you first have to play a red ball into the pocket, then a black one.
Snooker is a type of sport.
Similar to billiards.
The social bot behaves like a human.
Everyone should believe that the social bot is a human being.
Someone has programmed it that way.
The social bot exists in social networks.
The social bot recognizes certain words.
If it reads the word, it responds automatically.
The social bot advertises.
For example for - a company
For example for: - a product
For example for: - a politician
For example for: - an opinion
There are also other bots.
They have other tasks.
A social bot is a computer program.
The social bot exists in social networks.
The social bot says: I am a human being.
Social media are digital media.
You can use it to do something on your own.
For example, you can write a review about a restaurant.
Or you can do something together.
For example, showing pictures on a social network.
You can use social media to share knowledge and information.
Anyone can do that.
You can exchange ideas with other social media users.
You can share opinions, impressions and experiences.
And you can pass on texts, images, audio or video.
There are many social media offerings.
For example: - Flickr (a photo platform)
For example: - YouTube (is a video platform)
For example: - del.icio.us (is a social bookmarking platform)
Social media are offers on the Internet.
For example internet pages.
You can use social media to exchange information.
And you can do things together with other users.
For example, writing together on a website.
Or plan a demonstration together.
Sock-holders are available for women.
And they are available for men.
A sock-holder is a help.
Sock-holders help prevent socks from slipping down.
They are usually made of rubber.
Sock-holders also include suspenders.
Socks can be attached to a sock-holder.
A sock-holder is there to prevent socks from slipping down.
A pair of socks consists of 2 socks.
After washing, it is difficult to find the 2 socks.
And to put the 2 socks together.
It is easier with a sock clip.
The sock clip holds 2 socks together.
Or put the socks in the dryer together.
Without having to look for the 2 matching socks.
Sock clips are usually made of plastic.
A sock clip is an aid.
It makes it easier to sort socks.
And after washing, it is easier to find both socks.
A sock clip holds 2 socks together.
And it helps to get socks together quickly.
The doctor has a long foreign word for heartburn: Reflux esophagitis.
What does that mean?
Reflux means that something flows back.
Oesophagus is the food pipe in the throat.
Itis means inflammation.
Everyone has acid in their stomach.
The stomach uses this to make the food small so that the intestines can digest it better.
The hydrochloric acid should remain in the stomach, because only the stomach can withstand it.
But sometimes the acid does come out.
From the bottom of the stomach up into the mouth.
For example, because you have eaten too much, or drunk too much, or smoked too much.
But sometimes also because you are ill.
For example, if your stomach makes too much acid, or if your heart is sick.
Yes, really the heart!
The doctor will then consider why you have heartburn and will prescribe a medicine (prescription).
Heartburn is when stomach acid comes up the food pipe.
This usually causes pain.
Software does different things on a device.
For example, a computer.
Software tells the device what to do.
For example, save an image or calculate something.
A Solander box is made of wood or cardboard.
It is often used in libraries or museums.
A solander box is used to sort and store things.
So that they are easier to find later.
The Solander box was invented by: - Daniel Solander
A Solander box is a box.
A soldier who wants to stay in the army forever is a professional soldier.
A temporary soldier is a soldier who wishes to remain in the army for a certain period of time.
After this time, he is no longer a soldier, similar to a fixed-term employment contract.
A soldier can be a man or a woman.
Women are called soldiers.
Soldiers protect the people in their country.
Soldiers are allowed to use weapons.
German soldiers also have to fight abroad.
A soldier is a person.
A soldier works for an army, or for the military
The head of a mercenary group is the mercenary leader.
Mercenaries fight for foreign countries.
They fight for money.
Money is very important for mercenaries.
They do not work for an armed force.
They work for anyone who pays them.
Mercenaries are not protected by international law.
A mercenary is a soldier.
Mercenaries fight in a foreign country.
Because they are paid to do so.
Mercenaries do it for the money.
